NUM:count How many varieties of twins are there ?
ENTY:cremat What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
HUM:title What is the oldest profession ?
DESC:def What is the feudal system ?
ENTY:cremat Jude Law was in what movie ?
DESC:def What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
ENTY:other Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
ENTY:termeq What do Italians call Florence ?
LOC:other In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
NUM:count How many cities are there in Utah ?
NUM:date When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
HUM:ind What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
LOC:other Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
HUM:gr Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
HUM:ind Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
DESC:def What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
DESC:def What is Toulmin logic ?
LOC:other What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
HUM:ind What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
LOC:country What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
NUM:date What is the busiest air travel season ?
HUM:ind Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
ENTY:other What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
NUM:date What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
DESC:reason Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
LOC:state What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
ENTY:termeq What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
DESC:manner How you can raise your IQ ?
DESC:manner How is bubble wrap made ?
ENTY:substance What kind of crystals exist ?
LOC:city What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
LOC:other On what river is Rome built ?
DESC:def What 's a short ton ?
HUM:ind What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
LOC:other Where was Pythagoras born ?
LOC:other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
ENTY:food What do river otters eat ?
DESC:reason Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
LOC:other What river runs through Liverpool ?
NUM:count How many referees work a soccer game ?
NUM:perc What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
NUM:count How many counties are in Indiana ?
ENTY:event What age followed the Bronze Age ?
LOC:other Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
LOC:country Name the largest country in South America .
LOC:other Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
DESC:desc What is different about the red and black fox ?
HUM:title Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
ENTY:cremat What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
LOC:country What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
ENTY:plant What plant has the largest seed ?
ENTY:animal What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
ABBR:exp What does LOL mean ?
NUM:count How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
ABBR:exp What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
HUM:ind Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
HUM:ind What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
ENTY:cremat What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sleep ?
HUM:gr What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
ENTY:termeq What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
ENTY:body What is the softest part of the body ?
LOC:city What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
HUM:ind What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
HUM:desc Who was Jane Goodall ?
HUM:ind Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
ENTY:other What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
NUM:money How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
NUM:speed How fast is light ?
DESC:manner How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
NUM:count Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
DESC:def What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
HUM:ind What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
HUM:ind Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
ENTY:substance What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of going to bed ?
ABBR:exp What does NECROSIS mean ?
LOC:other What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
ENTY:dismed What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
NUM:count What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
ENTY:symbol What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
DESC:reason Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
DESC:reason What were the causes of the Civil War ?
ENTY:cremat What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
LOC:country What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
DESC:desc What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
DESC:def What does the name Gina mean ?
ENTY:cremat In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
ENTY:cremat What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
NUM:date When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
DESC:manner How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
DESC:def What is the definition of cecum ?
ABBR:exp What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
DESC:def What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
LOC:other What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
HUM:ind Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
DESC:desc What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
DESC:def What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
DESC:reason What is the S&P 500 used for ?
DESC:def What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
ENTY:dismed What is the most common cancer ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
DESC:def What does caliente mean , in English ?
NUM:count How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
DESC:def What is lung cancer ?
NUM:date What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
DESC:def What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
DESC:desc What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
NUM:money What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
ENTY:food What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
NUM:date What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
LOC:other Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
LOC:other What is the best online games site ?
LOC:other What ocean does Mauritania border ?
DESC:manner How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
HUM:ind What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
HUM:ind What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
HUM:ind Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
LOC:other Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
NUM:count How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
ENTY:food What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
HUM:gr The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
HUM:ind What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
NUM:period How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
DESC:desc What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
DESC:def What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
DESC:manner How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
NUM:count How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
NUM:dist How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
HUM:desc Who is Langston Hughes ?
DESC:desc What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
ENTY:other What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?
HUM:ind What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
ENTY:dismed What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
HUM:ind Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
DESC:desc Where do rocks come from ?
ENTY:color What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
NUM:money How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
NUM:money How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
HUM:gr What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
DESC:manner How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
ENTY:techmeth What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
HUM:ind Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
DESC:manner How do I impress a guy ?
ABBR:exp What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
NUM:period How old is Stevie Wonder ?
HUM:ind What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
ENTY:lang What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
NUM:date When was Yemen reunified ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
DESC:manner How do I start a bank ?
HUM:ind Who discovered electricity ?
NUM:count How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
NUM:date What year did the Vietnam War end ?
HUM:gr Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
DESC:manner How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
DESC:desc What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
ENTY:animal Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
ENTY:animal What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
NUM:money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
ENTY:cremat What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
NUM:dist How tall is kilamanjaro ?
ENTY:plant What plant is rum made from ?
DESC:desc What effect does a prism have on light ?
ENTY:techmeth What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
NUM:dist How tall was the animated King Kong ?
HUM:gr What is the best distance education university or college ?
HUM:ind Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
ENTY:product What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
NUM:count How often are brain cells replaced ?
DESC:reason What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
NUM:dist How tall is the Matterhorn ?
DESC:def What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
HUM:ind What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
ENTY:cremat Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
LOC:other Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
NUM:count How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
NUM:period How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
ENTY:cremat Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
ENTY:cremat What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
HUM:ind Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
LOC:other What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
DESC:manner How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation for micro ?
NUM:count How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
NUM:ord What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
HUM:ind Who is the President of Ghana ?
DESC:def What is deconstructionism ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of thunder ?
LOC:other What are the biggest Indian airports ?
DESC:reason What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
DESC:reason How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
HUM:ind Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
DESC:desc What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
HUM:gr Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
ENTY:food What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
LOC:city What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
ENTY:sport What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
HUM:ind What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
LOC:other What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
HUM:gr Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
ENTY:cremat What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
NUM:date What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
LOC:other Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
HUM:ind Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
NUM:date In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
NUM:period How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
LOC:country What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
HUM:ind Who directed Citizen Kane ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of hair ?
ENTY:cremat What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
HUM:ind Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
NUM:date When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
LOC:country What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
NUM:count How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
ENTY:sport What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
HUM:ind Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
HUM:ind Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
ENTY:animal In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?
NUM:volsize How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
ENTY:cremat What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
DESC:desc What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
HUM:ind Name Alvin 's brothers
NUM:date When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
DESC:def What is cunnilingus ?
DESC:def What is a Guild ?
ENTY:cremat What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
ENTY:word What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
DESC:def What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
DESC:manner How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
DESC:def What is crabgrass ?
ABBR:exp CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
NUM:count How many bones are there in the human hand ?
HUM:ind Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
ENTY:dismed What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
ENTY:other What did Abolitionists try to end ?
HUM:ind Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
DESC:def What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
DESC:def What is ethylene ?
HUM:ind Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
NUM:count How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
HUM:gr What is the first personal computer company ?
NUM:date When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
LOC:city What 's the capital of Iowa ?
ENTY:other What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
DESC:def What 's a water funnel ?
LOC:country What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
ENTY:product What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
ENTY:sport What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
HUM:ind What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
HUM:ind What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
HUM:ind What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
DESC:manner How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
DESC:def What is diabetes ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
NUM:date What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
DESC:reason What makes thunder ?
DESC:def What is deadrise , nautical , ?
ENTY:food Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
ENTY:cremat What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
NUM:count How many people own pets ?
HUM:desc Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
NUM:count How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
ENTY:word What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
LOC:other What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
NUM:date When do you plant winter wheat ?
HUM:ind What is the name of a Greek god ?
HUM:ind What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
ENTY:lang What 's the official language of Algeria ?
LOC:mount What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
HUM:ind What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
ENTY:techmeth What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
ENTY:animal What horse did Zorro ride ?
HUM:ind What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
HUM:ind Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
ENTY:other What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
DESC:def What are amicable numbers ?
NUM:period What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
LOC:other What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
HUM:gr Who made the first airplane ?
DESC:manner How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
DESC:desc What will a compass do in outer space ?
ABBR:exp What is RAM in the computer ?
HUM:ind Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
DESC:manner What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
ENTY:lang Name a Gaelic language .
DESC:def What is osteichthyes ?
ENTY:word What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
LOC:state What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
DESC:manner How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
HUM:gr What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
HUM:ind Who designed London Bridge ?
HUM:ind Who was the first man to return to space ?
LOC:other What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
DESC:manner How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
NUM:speed How fast can a Corvette go ?
DESC:desc What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
DESC:manner How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
HUM:ind What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
DESC:reason What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
HUM:gr What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
ENTY:techmeth What is the formula to calculate pi ?
HUM:gr What organization has a Security Council ?
ENTY:techmeth What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
DESC:manner How is silk screening done ?
DESC:desc What can be done about snoring ?
ENTY:other What does a resurrectionist steal ?
ENTY:food What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
HUM:ind What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
ENTY:veh Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
LOC:other Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
LOC:city What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
NUM:money How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
HUM:ind Who invented Make-up ?
NUM:count How many different types of skunks are there ?
LOC:other Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
DESC:desc What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
HUM:ind What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
LOC:state What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
ABBR:exp What does snafu stand for ?
DESC:reason Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
DESC:manner How is plastic made ?
ENTY:other What flag flies over Wake Island ?
NUM:other How often are quadruplets born ?
ENTY:animal What animals can live the longest without food ?
LOC:other On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
DESC:def What is probability theory ?
NUM:count How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
HUM:ind What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
ENTY:product What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
ENTY:other What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
LOC:country What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
NUM:count What is the population in India ?
LOC:other Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
ENTY:event What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
LOC:other What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
NUM:count How many milliseconds in a second ?
DESC:def What does laser stand for ?
NUM:count How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
ENTY:other What kind of science is cosmology ?
HUM:ind Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
NUM:date When did World War I start ?
DESC:reason Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
DESC:manner How do movie blues screens work ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
HUM:ind Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
ENTY:cremat What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
ENTY:plant What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
LOC:country What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
LOC:country What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
LOC:other What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
HUM:ind Who is the leader of India ?
ENTY:event What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
LOC:other Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
ENTY:food Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
ENTY:cremat Name four comic strips about pilots .
ENTY:other In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
DESC:desc What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
LOC:city In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
LOC:other What are the world 's four oceans ?
DESC:def What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
ENTY:cremat What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of robbers ?
DESC:def What is making love ?
LOC:other Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
DESC:manner How does James Bond like his martinis ?
ENTY:other What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
DESC:reason Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
LOC:other What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
DESC:reason Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
DESC:reason Why are haunted houses popular ?
LOC:other Where does tuberculosis come from ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
ENTY:color What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
HUM:ind Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
LOC:other What is Answers.com 's address ?
ENTY:food What ice creams contain seaweed ?
LOC:country What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
ENTY:other What does Visine get out ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
NUM:date When is Boxing Day ?
DESC:def What is chromatology ?
NUM:weight How many pounds are there in a stone ?
ENTY:cremat Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
NUM:count How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
HUM:ind What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
HUM:ind Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
HUM:ind What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
ENTY:color What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
DESC:def What is molybdenum ?
HUM:ind Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
ENTY:sport What sport is played on the largest field ?
ENTY:other Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
HUM:ind What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
ENTY:color What colors make up a rainbow ?
DESC:def What is software piracy ?
ENTY:animal Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
NUM:date What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
HUM:ind What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
HUM:ind Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
DESC:manner How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
ENTY:animal What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
LOC:other What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
ENTY:animal What species is a colt ?
DESC:manner How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
HUM:ind Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
LOC:other Where is Webster University ?
NUM:count How many feet are there in a fathom ?
HUM:ind Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
ENTY:food What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
HUM:ind Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
ENTY:religion What two major world religions began in India ?
NUM:count How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
ENTY:animal What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
DESC:reason Colin Powell is famous for what ?
HUM:ind What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
DESC:def What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
DESC:desc What happened to Moon Maiden ?
ENTY:other What does it take to be a hero ?
LOC:other On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
NUM:count How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
HUM:ind What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
HUM:ind Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
HUM:ind What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
HUM:gr What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
NUM:count How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
NUM:date In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
LOC:other What attracts tourists to Reims ?
ENTY:cremat What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?
ENTY:other What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
DESC:def What is false consciousness ?
NUM:date In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
NUM:count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
ENTY:food What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
NUM:count How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
NUM:perc What percentage of the body is muscle ?
DESC:reason Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
ENTY:cremat Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
ENTY:body What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
NUM:date When did the neanderthal man live ?
ENTY:other What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
HUM:ind What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
LOC:other What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
HUM:desc Who was Thucydides ?
LOC:other Where does chocolate come from ?
LOC:city What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
LOC:other Where is the biggest bell ?
LOC:other What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
NUM:count How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
HUM:ind Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
ENTY:cremat What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
HUM:ind Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
HUM:gr What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
ENTY:event What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
DESC:def What is an annotated bibliography ?
ENTY:cremat Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?
HUM:ind What is a person called that likes fire ?
ENTY:other What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
HUM:ind What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
LOC:city What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
HUM:ind Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
ENTY:termeq The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
LOC:other Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
DESC:def What is a multiplexer ?
LOC:city What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
ENTY:animal What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
HUM:ind Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
NUM:date When did communist control end in Hungary ?
HUM:ind What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
LOC:other Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
ENTY:event What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
NUM:count How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
ENTY:other What do camels store in their humps ?
ENTY:termeq What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
HUM:ind What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
NUM:date What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
ENTY:termeq What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
LOC:country What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
LOC:country What are the five richest countries in the world ?
HUM:gr What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
ENTY:other What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
ENTY:cremat What does Knight Ridder publish ?
HUM:ind Who is the fastest guitarist ?
ENTY:sport What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
HUM:ind Who was the president of Vichy France ?
DESC:def What is a common dolphin ?
LOC:country What country has the port of Haifa ?
DESC:def What is real time processing ?
ENTY:food What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
ENTY:termeq What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
DESC:desc What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
ENTY:animal What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
NUM:money What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
HUM:ind Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
ENTY:cremat What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Godfather ?
NUM:money What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
HUM:ind Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
DESC:manner How is an executioner determined ?
HUM:ind What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
ENTY:cremat What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
HUM:desc Who was Lacan ?
ENTY:food What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
HUM:ind Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
HUM:ind Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
ENTY:animal What is the West Virginia state animal ?
HUM:ind Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
ENTY:other What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
HUM:ind What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
HUM:ind What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
DESC:manner How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
HUM:gr What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
ENTY:other What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
DESC:desc What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
NUM:count How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
HUM:gr What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
HUM:gr What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
HUM:ind What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
LOC:other Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
DESC:manner How do anti-locking brakes work ?
NUM:code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
DESC:manner How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
HUM:ind Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
HUM:ind Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
NUM:date When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
ENTY:animal Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
DESC:def What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
LOC:other Where do quality drinks begin ?
NUM:date When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
DESC:desc What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
NUM:date What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
HUM:gr Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
NUM:count How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
ENTY:word What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
ENTY:color What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
LOC:country What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
LOC:other What is the highest continent ?
DESC:manner How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
NUM:date When did CNN go on the air ?
HUM:gr What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
ENTY:sport What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
ENTY:techmeth What do sailors use to measure time ?
HUM:ind What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
DESC:manner How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
DESC:def What are tannins ?
ENTY:cremat Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
NUM:period How old is Bernadette Peters ?
NUM:count How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
ENTY:other What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
LOC:other Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
HUM:ind What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
DESC:reason Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of jealousy ?
DESC:reason Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
DESC:def What is a transistor ?
ENTY:plant What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
LOC:other What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
ENTY:cremat What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
LOC:other Where is Inoco based ?
DESC:def What is a gas release event ?
ENTY:cremat What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
HUM:ind What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
DESC:reason Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
NUM:count How many people hike ?
HUM:ind What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
LOC:other Where is Mozambique located ?
ENTY:termeq What do the French call La Manche ?
ENTY:other What is April 's gemstone ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
LOC:country What country will hit the year 2 first ?
HUM:ind Silly putty was invented by whom ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
HUM:ind Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
ABBR:exp What does e.g. stand for ?
ENTY:substance What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
ENTY:cremat What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
LOC:other What lake is Sheboygan on ?
DESC:def What is the Milky Way ?
NUM:code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
DESC:manner How do I install a tile floor ?
LOC:state What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
DESC:manner How does a copier work ?
ENTY:other What format was VHS 's main competition ?
HUM:ind Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
NUM:count How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
NUM:date When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
ENTY:substance What is money made of ?
NUM:count What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
NUM:date What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
HUM:gr What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
ENTY:other What did The Gas House Gang play ?
HUM:desc Who is Terrence Malick ?
DESC:manner How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
DESC:def What is a bone marrow transplant ?
HUM:ind Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
ENTY:cremat What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
ENTY:sport What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
DESC:def What is dew point ?
ENTY:cremat In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
ENTY:dismed What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
HUM:ind Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
DESC:reason Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
ENTY:event What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
NUM:period How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
LOC:other Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
HUM:ind What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
HUM:ind What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
DESC:def What is a glory hole ?
HUM:ind Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
HUM:ind What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
HUM:ind Who invented the horoscope ?
HUM:ind What character narrates Treasure Island ?
DESC:desc Describe the Long March .
HUM:ind Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
ENTY:cremat What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
DESC:def What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
ENTY:food What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
NUM:count What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
HUM:gr What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
DESC:desc What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
ENTY:word What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
NUM:count How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
HUM:ind What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
NUM:dist How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
LOC:state What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
ENTY:cremat Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
NUM:count How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
NUM:money How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
LOC:other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
DESC:def What is June 's birthstone ?
HUM:gr What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
HUM:ind What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
ENTY:food What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Collector ?
LOC:other What are the largest libraries in the US ?
LOC:country Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
NUM:count How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
ENTY:color What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
DESC:def What is cosmology ?
HUM:ind What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
LOC:other Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
DESC:reason What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
NUM:date When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
NUM:dist How deep is a fathom ?
HUM:ind Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
LOC:other What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
HUM:ind Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
HUM:ind What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
HUM:gr What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
LOC:state What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
ENTY:other In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
NUM:money Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
DESC:def What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
ENTY:lang What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
NUM:dist How far is London UK from California ?
DESC:def What is a turnkey contract ?
DESC:manner How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
HUM:ind What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
NUM:perc What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
ENTY:food What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
ENTY:word What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
LOC:other What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
HUM:ind Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of machinery ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
DESC:desc What is the history of the hairdryer ?
HUM:ind Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
LOC:other What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
DESC:def What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
LOC:city What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
DESC:def What is thalassemia ?
HUM:ind Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
DESC:def What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
ENTY:sport The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of color ?
NUM:date When did they canonize the Bible ?
HUM:ind Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
NUM:count How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
ENTY:termeq What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
ENTY:food When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
ENTY:word What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
LOC:city What city is found in the city of OZ ?
HUM:ind Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
HUM:gr What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
HUM:ind Who killed JFK ?
HUM:ind Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
HUM:ind Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
ENTY:other What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
ENTY:other What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
LOC:state What U.S. state ends with a G ?
LOC:country What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
HUM:ind Who invented the paper clip ?
LOC:country What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
DESC:manner How do you make a paintball ?
ENTY:food What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
NUM:date When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
NUM:money How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
DESC:manner How do I tie a tie ?
ENTY:cremat What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
DESC:def What is a leper ?
NUM:date What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
DESC:desc What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
DESC:reason What causes headaches ?
ENTY:color What colors is magenta made of ?
NUM:date In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
LOC:city What is California 's capital ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in Germany ?
ENTY:sport What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
ENTY:sport What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
DESC:def What is a portal ?
NUM:money What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
LOC:country What country did the Nile River originate in ?
LOC:other What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
NUM:count How many maids were milking ?
HUM:ind Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
DESC:def What is measured in curies ?
NUM:money What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
DESC:manner How do Ouija Boards work ?
DESC:desc What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
ENTY:other What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
DESC:desc What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
DESC:desc What is the history of skateboarding ?
ABBR:exp What does IOC stand for ?
NUM:count How many people live in cities ?
NUM:perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
DESC:desc What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
LOC:other What is the principal river of Ireland ?
DESC:desc What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
ENTY:cremat What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
ENTY:cremat What is a film starring Jude Law ?
ENTY:instru What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
LOC:other What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of UOL ?
LOC:other What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
DESC:manner How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
DESC:reason What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
NUM:count How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
DESC:desc In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
DESC:def What is multimedia ?
DESC:def What is ouzo ?
NUM:count How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
LOC:country What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
HUM:ind What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
DESC:def What is e-commerce ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
NUM:count How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
HUM:ind Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
LOC:other Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
ENTY:substance What is glass made of ?
ENTY:event What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
NUM:date What geological time do we live in ?
NUM:count How many oceans are there and name them ?
ENTY:event The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
NUM:date When was the first flush toilet invented ?
HUM:gr What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
DESC:reason Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
NUM:count What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
LOC:country What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
ENTY:event Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
NUM:date What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of pregnancy ?
HUM:ind Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
HUM:ind Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
ENTY:other What was the alternate to VHS ?
ENTY:cremat In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
DESC:def What is film noir ?
DESC:def What is a virtual IP address ?
NUM:other What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
HUM:ind What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
DESC:def What does e=mc2 mean ?
ENTY:food What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
ENTY:letter What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
HUM:ind What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
DESC:def What does Tiffany mean ?
ENTY:other What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
HUM:gr What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
LOC:city What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
NUM:perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
LOC:other Where is the Isle of Man ?
NUM:count What is the world population as of today ?
ENTY:animal Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
NUM:date On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
NUM:volsize What is the size of the largest akita ?
DESC:manner How do storms form ?
ENTY:food What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
LOC:city What city is Logan Airport in ?
NUM:date What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of night or darkness ?
HUM:ind What was Mao 's second name ?
LOC:other What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
DESC:manner How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
LOC:other Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
NUM:count How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of touching ?
DESC:desc What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
ENTY:other What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
DESC:def What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
NUM:count How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
HUM:title What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
ENTY:other What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
ENTY:animal What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
HUM:ind What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
LOC:other What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
NUM:money How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
DESC:def What are perfect tenses ?
NUM:count How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
LOC:country Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
DESC:desc What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
NUM:money How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
HUM:gr What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
NUM:count How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
DESC:reason What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
LOC:country What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
HUM:ind Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
HUM:ind What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
ENTY:termeq What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
HUM:ind What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
DESC:def What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
DESC:reason What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
HUM:ind Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
NUM:speed How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
ENTY:termeq The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
DESC:manner How did Edith Bunker die ?
HUM:ind Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
HUM:title What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
NUM:count How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
NUM:other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
LOC:other Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
DESC:desc What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of water ?
HUM:title What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
NUM:money What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of thank you notes ?
HUM:ind Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
NUM:volsize How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
LOC:state What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
LOC:other Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
HUM:gr What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
DESC:manner How does an abacus work ?
NUM:date When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
ENTY:other Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
DESC:reason What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
HUM:ind Who invented panties ?
HUM:ind Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
HUM:desc Who was Darius ?
NUM:count How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
ENTY:animal What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
DESC:desc What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
HUM:ind What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
NUM:period How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
HUM:ind Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
ENTY:word What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
ABBR:exp What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
LOC:city What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
ENTY:event What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
ENTY:letter What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
ENTY:food What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
NUM:count How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
LOC:other Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of everything ?
HUM:ind Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
ENTY:cremat What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
NUM:date When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
NUM:dist How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
LOC:country What country has the highest arson rate ?
NUM:count How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
NUM:weight What is the weight of air ?
ABBR:abb What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
HUM:ind What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
ENTY:color What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
DESC:desc Where do chihuahuas come from ?
DESC:reason What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
LOC:other Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
LOC:state What state did Helen Keller call home ?
ENTY:color What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
NUM:count How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
NUM:date On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
DESC:reason Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
NUM:date When was Nostradamus born ?
LOC:city What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
HUM:ind Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
LOC:city What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
ENTY:event What was the worst hurricane ?
DESC:desc What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
ENTY:food What is the most radioactive food ?
NUM:perc What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
ENTY:substance What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
DESC:def What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
HUM:gr What university fired Angela Davis ?
ABBR:exp What does SHIELD stand for ?
NUM:period How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
NUM:date When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
HUM:ind Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
HUM:ind Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
HUM:gr What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
NUM:period Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
DESC:desc What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
DESC:reason What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
LOC:other Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of reptiles ?
ABBR:exp What does the word LASER mean ?
ENTY:event What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
NUM:count How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say 2 in Latin ?
DESC:desc What 's the Olympic motto ?
DESC:def What is idealab ! ?
DESC:def How can you define time ?
HUM:gr What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
DESC:desc What happened in the Long March ?
DESC:manner How did water appear on the earth ?
HUM:ind What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
HUM:ind What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
HUM:gr Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
DESC:def What are bear and bull markets ?
DESC:manner How do I give a good massage ?
ENTY:animal What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
LOC:city What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
ENTY:sport What sport is known for hooligans ?
LOC:other What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
ABBR:exp What does JESSICA mean ?
NUM:period How long do flies live ?
LOC:other Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
ENTY:animal What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
DESC:def What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
DESC:manner How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
ENTY:food What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?
HUM:gr Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
ENTY:animal What animal has killed the most people ?
DESC:def What is object-oriented design ?
LOC:other What 's the longest river in Canada ?
LOC:other Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
DESC:manner How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
HUM:ind What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
HUM:ind Who were the five Marx brothers ?
DESC:def What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
NUM:date In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
NUM:count How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
DESC:def What does camera-ready art mean ?
HUM:ind What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
LOC:country What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
ENTY:other What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
NUM:money How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
HUM:ind Who created Dennis the Menace ?
NUM:date What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
LOC:city What is the most populated city in the world ?
HUM:gr What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
NUM:money How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
ENTY:other What does a woman want ?
HUM:ind Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
NUM:count How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
ENTY:animal What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
DESC:def What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
LOC:other Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
NUM:temp What is the temperature today ?
ENTY:other What was George Washington afraid of ?
ENTY:letter What is the alphabet for Latin ?
NUM:count How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
HUM:ind Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
DESC:manner How do I write to my Congressman ?
ENTY:animal What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
DESC:manner How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
ENTY:techmeth What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of Jesus ?
NUM:count How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
HUM:ind What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
ENTY:veh On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
LOC:city What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
NUM:date When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of being loved ?
HUM:ind What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
NUM:count The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
HUM:ind Who invented the Wonderbra ?
ENTY:cremat What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
LOC:state What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
HUM:ind Who is the Voyager project manager ?
HUM:ind Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
ENTY:color What color are school buses ?
ENTY:other What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
DESC:def What was an `` Asiento '' ?
ABBR:exp What is HDLC ?
HUM:ind What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
DESC:def What is a dangling participle ?
HUM:ind Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
ENTY:symbol What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
HUM:ind Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
DESC:def What is Doegs ?
HUM:ind Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
NUM:count How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
HUM:ind Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
ENTY:other What does a philatelist collect ?
DESC:def What is a virtual IP address ?
DESC:def What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
HUM:ind Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
ENTY:event What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
ENTY:substance What does ribavirin consist of ?
HUM:ind Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
ENTY:termeq What is a 2-sided object called ?
ENTY:word What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
HUM:ind What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
ENTY:event What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
NUM:count How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
DESC:def What is a Mexican hairless ?
ENTY:cremat What novel has Big Brother watching ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
ENTY:techmeth Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
ENTY:plant What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
DESC:reason What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
NUM:count How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
NUM:period How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
NUM:date When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
HUM:title What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
DESC:manner How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
DESC:desc What is Remembrance Day all about ?
HUM:ind Who is the founder of Scientology ?
HUM:gr What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
ENTY:cremat What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
HUM:ind What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
NUM:count What is the goat population of the world ?
DESC:manner How do you use an intranet ?
LOC:other Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
HUM:desc Who was Jean Nicolet ?
LOC:state What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
DESC:reason What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
HUM:ind What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
LOC:other What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
LOC:other What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
NUM:period How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
HUM:ind What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
HUM:ind Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
DESC:desc Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
ENTY:cremat What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
LOC:country What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
NUM:date When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
DESC:desc What is difference between a poster and a print ?
NUM:other What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
ENTY:word What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
LOC:other Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
HUM:ind What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
ENTY:body Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
ABBR:exp What does CPR stand for ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of strong light ?
ENTY:sport In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
NUM:period How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
HUM:ind What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
NUM:count How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
HUM:ind What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
HUM:ind Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
NUM:count How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
DESC:def What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
DESC:manner How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
NUM:count How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
LOC:mount What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
LOC:other What are the largest deserts in the world ?
ENTY:cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
DESC:def What 's the Red Planet ?
LOC:city What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
HUM:ind Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
LOC:other What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
HUM:ind Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
NUM:period How long does a human live ?
ENTY:event What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
LOC:city What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
NUM:dist How high is the city of Denver ?
LOC:other What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
LOC:state What state is Mount McKinley in ?
LOC:other Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
HUM:ind What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
DESC:desc What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of slime ?
ENTY:cremat What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
DESC:def What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
LOC:other Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
LOC:country What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
HUM:title What is Larry King 's occupation ?
HUM:gr What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
DESC:def What does the term glory hole mean ?
HUM:desc Who is Johnny Carson ?
DESC:def What is an auto-commentary ?
DESC:def What is a leaky heart valve ?
LOC:other What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
LOC:mount What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
HUM:desc Who is Count Cinzano ?
DESC:def What is Greek pita ?
NUM:count How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
HUM:ind What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
ENTY:sport What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
NUM:money What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
DESC:manner How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
DESC:def What is literary criticism ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
ENTY:substance What is the Taj Majal made of ?
NUM:date When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
LOC:other Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
LOC:country What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
LOC:other What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
ENTY:product Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
HUM:desc Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
ENTY:dismed What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
DESC:desc What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
ENTY:food What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
DESC:manner How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
DESC:def What exactly is radiation ?
HUM:ind Who invented batteries ?
HUM:ind What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
ENTY:animal What is California 's state bird ?
HUM:gr What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
HUM:ind What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
ENTY:sport What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
NUM:other What is the population of Kansas ?
ENTY:other What do bicornate animals have two of ?
LOC:city What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
NUM:count How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
ENTY:other What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
LOC:other Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
HUM:gr What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
HUM:ind What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
HUM:ind What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
LOC:other Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
ENTY:veh Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
LOC:country What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
ENTY:other What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
NUM:count How many meters are in a mile ?
NUM:count How many pins are used in skittles ?
ENTY:sport What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
ENTY:other What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
LOC:mount Where is the highest point in Japan ?
LOC:other Where is your corpus callosum ?
NUM:count How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
HUM:ind Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of shadows ?
DESC:def What is humidity ?
NUM:count How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
DESC:def What is the definition of low island ?
NUM:count How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
DESC:def What is a wart ?
DESC:desc What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
DESC:reason Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
NUM:date What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
ENTY:word What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
ENTY:substance What are the stars made of ?
HUM:ind Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
NUM:count How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
DESC:def What is moxie ?
HUM:gr What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
ENTY:cremat What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
LOC:state What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
ENTY:other What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sinning ?
HUM:ind What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
NUM:date What is the first day of the week ?
DESC:def What is the Golden Rule ?
LOC:city What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
DESC:desc What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
HUM:gr What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
ENTY:termeq What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
DESC:manner How do boats float ?
DESC:reason Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
ENTY:substance What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
HUM:ind What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
ENTY:body What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
ENTY:food What does a tarantula eat ?
ENTY:letter What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
HUM:ind Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
ENTY:cremat What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
DESC:manner How do you recognize anorexia ?
HUM:ind Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
ENTY:cremat In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
NUM:count How much salt is in the oceans ?
NUM:date When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
LOC:country What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
HUM:ind Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
ENTY:termeq What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
LOC:state What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
DESC:reason Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
ENTY:dismed Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
ENTY:event What series of trials followed World War II ?
HUM:ind Who killed Caesar ?
LOC:other Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
NUM:money How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
HUM:gr What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
DESC:desc What is the weather like on the moon ?
DESC:manner How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
NUM:count How many islands does Fiji have ?
DESC:def What is the half-life of P-32 ?
ENTY:food What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
HUM:gr What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
DESC:desc What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
NUM:money How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
NUM:count What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
LOC:other What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
ENTY:termeq What are dinosaur droppings called ?
ENTY:animal In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
ENTY:other What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
HUM:ind Who invented the lawnmower ?
HUM:gr What was called the world 's largest department store ?
ENTY:event What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
HUM:ind Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
NUM:date When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
LOC:city What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
HUM:ind Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
DESC:manner How does a scientific calculator work ?
HUM:ind Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
DESC:desc What good are mosquitoes ?
NUM:money What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
HUM:ind Who invented the road traffic cone ?
NUM:count How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
DESC:reason Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
NUM:count How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
LOC:country Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
HUM:ind Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
DESC:manner How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
HUM:ind What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
ENTY:other What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
NUM:count How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
DESC:manner How is the element strontium purified ?
HUM:ind What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
HUM:ind Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
HUM:ind Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
DESC:reason What makes popcorn pop ?
LOC:mount What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
NUM:money How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
ENTY:other What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
ENTY:other What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
LOC:other What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
LOC:other What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
DESC:def What is the Home Rule Act ?
HUM:ind What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
HUM:ind What is her husband 's name ?
HUM:ind What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
LOC:city What is the capital of California ?
HUM:ind Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
DESC:def What is a storm surge ?
DESC:def What is a meerkat ?
ENTY:cremat What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
DESC:manner How do I love thee ?
HUM:desc Who was William Henry Harrison ?
NUM:perc What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
DESC:def What are manifest and latent function theories ?
HUM:ind Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
DESC:def What is Candlemas Day ?
DESC:def What are geckos ?
ENTY:food What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
NUM:count How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
ENTY:food What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
DESC:def What is nuclear proliferation ?
NUM:count How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
ENTY:cremat What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
ENTY:other What tools do you use to crewel ?
DESC:desc What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
HUM:ind Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
NUM:date When did Nixon visit China ?
HUM:gr Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
DESC:manner How is Answers.com funded ?
DESC:manner How do windmills work ?
ENTY:food What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
LOC:other What is the largest lake in North America ?
HUM:ind Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
NUM:date What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
DESC:manner How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
DESC:def What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
HUM:ind Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
NUM:date When was China 's first nuclear test ?
ENTY:animal What animal migrates the farthest ?
ENTY:plant What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
ENTY:food What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
LOC:country Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
DESC:manner How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
HUM:gr What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
NUM:count What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
DESC:def What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
NUM:count How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
DESC:desc What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
LOC:other What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
HUM:ind Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
HUM:gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
DESC:def What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
ENTY:animal What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
HUM:gr What company sells the most greeting cards ?
DESC:def What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
LOC:city What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
LOC:city Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
HUM:ind Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
HUM:ind What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
ENTY:cremat What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
DESC:manner How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
ENTY:cremat What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
ENTY:food Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
NUM:date In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
LOC:other What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
HUM:ind What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
LOC:other What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
DESC:desc What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
DESC:desc What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
DESC:manner How do chickens have baby chicks ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
LOC:country What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
ENTY:other What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
HUM:gr Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
HUM:ind Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
DESC:reason What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
HUM:ind What English queen had seventeen children ?
HUM:gr What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
DESC:def What are the Baltic States ?
DESC:def What is barnstorming ?
DESC:def What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
HUM:ind Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
HUM:ind Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
ENTY:symbol What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
ENTY:veh What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
ENTY:currency What type of currency is used in China ?
LOC:city What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
DESC:def What is the definition of spamming ?
ENTY:animal What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
LOC:other Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
HUM:ind What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
HUM:gr What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
ENTY:sport What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
ENTY:food What kind of wine is Spumante ?
ENTY:other What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
NUM:date What time of year has the most air travel ?
NUM:count How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
HUM:ind Who is the premier of China ?
NUM:count How many different countries export coffee ?
DESC:def What is the Amish religion ?
LOC:city What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
NUM:other What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
HUM:ind Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
NUM:ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
ENTY:termeq What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
HUM:ind Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
HUM:ind Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
NUM:date When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
ENTY:cremat What movie has made the most money ?
ENTY:cremat What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
LOC:country What are the Nordic nations ?
LOC:other Where is the Danube ?
HUM:ind What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
HUM:desc Who is Stephen Hawking ?
HUM:ind Who developed potlatch ?
DESC:manner How do you throw a housewarming party ?
HUM:gr Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
LOC:other Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
LOC:city What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
LOC:other Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
LOC:country What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
HUM:ind Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
HUM:ind What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
NUM:date When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of music ?
ENTY:cremat What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
LOC:other Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
NUM:period How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
ENTY:food What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
NUM:period How old was Gene Siskel ?
HUM:gr What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
ENTY:word What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
HUM:ind Who was the first American world chess champion ?
DESC:def What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
ENTY:termeq What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
ABBR:exp What does SIDS stand for ?
DESC:manner How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
DESC:desc What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of infinity ?
HUM:ind What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
NUM:dist What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
HUM:ind Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
LOC:other Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
LOC:country What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
HUM:gr What is the best art and design school in the world ?
HUM:desc What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
LOC:state In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
ENTY:food What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
NUM:other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
NUM:count How many corners does a spritsail have ?
ENTY:termeq What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
NUM:count How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
NUM:perc What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
LOC:country What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
HUM:ind What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
NUM:count How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
LOC:other Where is Trinidad ?
ENTY:other What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
ENTY:cremat What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
LOC:country What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
HUM:gr What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
DESC:desc What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
ENTY:techmeth What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
ENTY:event What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
LOC:other Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
DESC:reason What are tonsils for ?
ENTY:color What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
HUM:ind Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
HUM:desc Who is Coronado ?
ENTY:substance What is the second hardest substance ?
DESC:def What is cache memory ?
LOC:city What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
NUM:count How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
NUM:date When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
NUM:weight What is the average weight for a man ?
ABBR:exp What is SVHS ?
DESC:def What is the 401 , K , plan ?
NUM:other What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
LOC:city What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
LOC:other Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
HUM:ind What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
ENTY:termeq What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
HUM:ind What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
ENTY:other What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
LOC:country What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
HUM:ind What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
LOC:other What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
ENTY:food What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
NUM:date When was Beethoven born ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
LOC:city What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
DESC:desc What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
NUM:count How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
HUM:ind Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
NUM:count How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
NUM:other What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
DESC:reason Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
DESC:def What is `` snoogans '' ?
HUM:ind Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
HUM:gr What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
NUM:count How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
NUM:count How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
NUM:count How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
DESC:def What is goldenseal ?
ENTY:event What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
HUM:ind Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
HUM:gr Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
NUM:count How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
DESC:manner How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
NUM:count How many wings does a flea have ?
NUM:period How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
LOC:other Where is Ocho Rios ?
NUM:other What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
DESC:manner How do fuel injectors work ?
LOC:other What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
NUM:money How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
DESC:manner How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
ENTY:sport What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
NUM:money What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
DESC:reason Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
DESC:manner How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
DESC:reason What is Jane Goodall known for ?
DESC:reason What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
ENTY:event What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
NUM:count How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
DESC:desc Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
NUM:count How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
HUM:ind Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
DESC:manner How do wasps make their nests ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of speaking ?
HUM:ind Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
NUM:count How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
LOC:other Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
HUM:ind Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
DESC:desc What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
ENTY:termeq What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
LOC:other What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
DESC:def What does N est-ce pas mean ?
NUM:count How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
DESC:def What is Shalom ?
NUM:date What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
HUM:ind Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
ENTY:body Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
ENTY:food Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
NUM:count How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
NUM:count How many calories are in a tomato ?
NUM:date When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
ENTY:instru What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
HUM:ind Who was the first American in space ?
HUM:ind Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
LOC:country What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
NUM:perc What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
HUM:gr What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
ENTY:cremat What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
NUM:money What was the first minimum wage ?
NUM:count How many languages are there in the world ?
DESC:desc What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
NUM:other What is the population of Japan ?
HUM:title What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
DESC:manner How do you buy stocks ?
DESC:def What is the definition of a witch ?
LOC:country What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
HUM:gr What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in the world ?
LOC:city What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
NUM:count What is the population of the largest Chilean city
HUM:gr What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
LOC:city What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
ABBR:exp What is the full form of .com ?
ENTY:substance What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
DESC:def What are the Twin Cities ?
HUM:ind Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
NUM:date What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
LOC:state What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
ENTY:lang What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
NUM:count How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
ENTY:other What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
DESC:reason Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
NUM:other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
HUM:ind What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
ENTY:animal Name a tiger that is extinct .
NUM:count How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
ENTY:event What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
NUM:date The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
HUM:gr What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
ENTY:cremat Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
NUM:dist What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
HUM:ind Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
DESC:desc What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
NUM:count How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
DESC:reason Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
HUM:ind Who earns their money the hard way ?
LOC:country What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
NUM:date When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
ENTY:product What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
LOC:country What country is Kosovo a part of ?
LOC:other What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
DESC:desc What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
HUM:ind Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
ENTY:letter What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
ENTY:color What is your favorite color ?
DESC:desc What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
LOC:other Where did the world come from ?
DESC:manner How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
LOC:other What are some good medical sites for information ?
DESC:reason Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
DESC:manner How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
HUM:ind Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
DESC:manner How does hair curl ?
NUM:code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
LOC:other Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
ABBR:abb What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
HUM:ind What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
NUM:period How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
NUM:period How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
LOC:country What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
ENTY:cremat What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
LOC:other Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
HUM:ind What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
DESC:def What are the seven virtues ?
HUM:ind Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
DESC:desc What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
ENTY:dismed Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
NUM:count On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
DESC:def What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
NUM:date When was the Battle of Hastings ?
DESC:def What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
ENTY:other What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
DESC:desc What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
LOC:other What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
DESC:def What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
DESC:def What is usenet for the Internet ?
ENTY:product What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
DESC:reason Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
HUM:ind Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
NUM:volsize What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
ENTY:substance What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
HUM:ind Who is the president of Bolivia ?
ENTY:cremat What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
LOC:other What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
ENTY:cremat What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
LOC:other Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
HUM:gr What is a society ruled by elders ?
NUM:date When did Amtrak begin operations ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
ENTY:cremat What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
HUM:desc Who is Robin Williams ?
NUM:date What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
ENTY:termeq What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
ENTY:event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
DESC:reason Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
ENTY:animal What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
ENTY:cremat What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
DESC:def What is Occam 's Razor ?
NUM:date The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
NUM:money What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
HUM:ind In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
NUM:date What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
ENTY:animal What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
HUM:ind When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
ENTY:termeq What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
NUM:date CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
LOC:other Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
LOC:country What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
ENTY:color What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
NUM:count How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
HUM:ind Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
LOC:country Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
DESC:manner How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
LOC:state What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
LOC:other Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
ENTY:substance What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
NUM:count How many Leos have been Pope ?
DESC:manner How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
ENTY:other What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
ENTY:currency What currency is used in Australia ?ENTY:other Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
LOC:country What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
HUM:ind Whose cupboard was bare ?
NUM:count How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
HUM:ind What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
HUM:ind Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
DESC:def What is the definition of hazmat ?
ABBR:exp What does NAFTA stand for ?
LOC:other Where can one find Rider College ?
DESC:def What are amaretto biscuits ?
DESC:def What is Australia Day ?
HUM:ind Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
ENTY:other What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for a group of geese ?
DESC:def What is a firewall ?
HUM:ind Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
DESC:def What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
HUM:ind What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
NUM:date When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
HUM:ind What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
NUM:count How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
HUM:title What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
LOC:other Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
NUM:date When is the Thai New Year ?
HUM:ind What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
DESC:def What are hook worms ?
HUM:ind Which of these are authors ?
HUM:ind What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of black people ?
LOC:country What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
LOC:country What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
DESC:reason Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
NUM:dist How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
HUM:ind What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
DESC:desc What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
DESC:reason Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
ABBR:exp What is the full name of the PLO ?
DESC:desc What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
ENTY:dismed What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
LOC:other Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
DESC:def What is a nematode ?
LOC:other What planet gave bith to Superman ?
ENTY:color What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
LOC:other Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
ENTY:food What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
ENTY:food Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
LOC:country Which Latin American country is the largest ?
HUM:ind Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
HUM:ind Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
NUM:count How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
ENTY:dismed What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
ENTY:other What scale measures earthquakes ?
ENTY:product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the term for a young fox ?
ENTY:cremat What songs were popular in 1948 ?
ENTY:cremat In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
LOC:country What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of failure ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
NUM:count How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
HUM:gr What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
DESC:def What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
NUM:other What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
ENTY:instru Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
LOC:other Where did bocci originate ?
DESC:desc What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
ENTY:word What is the plural of gulf ?
HUM:ind When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
NUM:money How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
NUM:other What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
HUM:ind What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
ENTY:event What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
DESC:desc What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
NUM:count How many liberty bells have there been ?
NUM:count What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
LOC:other Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
NUM:count What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
HUM:ind What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
NUM:date When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
DESC:def What are the Valdez Principles ?
ENTY:other What does a heliologist study ?
LOC:other What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
DESC:manner How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
DESC:def What is Olestra ?
ENTY:other What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
ABBR:exp What is DEET ?
LOC:state What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
ENTY:product What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
LOC:other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
LOC:other Where is Tornado Alley ?
LOC:city What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
HUM:ind Who invented the game Scrabble ?
HUM:ind What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
HUM:ind Who sought to create The Great Society ?
HUM:gr What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
LOC:other Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
NUM:date When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
LOC:other Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
HUM:ind What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
LOC:city What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
ENTY:cremat What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
NUM:count How many types of lemurs are there ?
ENTY:sport What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
LOC:other Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
ENTY:dismed What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
ENTY:other Which of the five senses develops first ?
DESC:reason Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
NUM:count How many horses are there on a polo team ?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
HUM:ind What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of BIOS ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
NUM:count How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
HUM:ind What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
NUM:date When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
NUM:date What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
DESC:manner How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
HUM:gr What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
ABBR:abb What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
HUM:ind Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
ENTY:other What does a spermologer collect ?
ENTY:cremat What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
ENTY:symbol What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
HUM:ind What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
LOC:other What is the largest office block in the world ?
LOC:other Where do hyenas live ?
NUM:code What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
LOC:city What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
HUM:gr What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
NUM:count How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
NUM:date What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
HUM:ind Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
DESC:reason Why are there olives in martinis ?
HUM:ind Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
LOC:other Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
NUM:date In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
LOC:country What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
ENTY:event What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
HUM:ind What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
DESC:reason Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
ENTY:cremat What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
HUM:ind Who invented the game bowling ?
ENTY:other What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
ENTY:word What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
ENTY:dismed For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
HUM:ind Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
LOC:mount What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
DESC:def Define the Pheonix Club ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
DESC:manner How can I find out my biorhythm ?
ENTY:other What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
ENTY:other What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
NUM:date When did the art of quilting begin ?
DESC:def What does the donation process entail ?
HUM:gr What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
ENTY:plant What plants are found in an estuary ?
DESC:reason Why are so many umbrellas black ?
ENTY:sport What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
NUM:count How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the treatment for depression ?
ABBR:exp What is AFS ?
HUM:ind Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
ENTY:cremat What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
DESC:desc What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
DESC:reason Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
LOC:mount What is the highest peak in Africa ?
HUM:ind Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
DESC:def What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
HUM:ind Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
ENTY:symbol What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
HUM:ind Who was the last woman executed in England ?
HUM:ind What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
NUM:count How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
NUM:count How many school districts are there in the United States ?
DESC:def What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
ENTY:animal What predators exist on Antarctica ?
HUM:gr Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
HUM:ind Who is the richest woman in the world ?
ENTY:veh What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
DESC:def What is meant by blood SED rate ?
NUM:count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
ENTY:cremat What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
NUM:date In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
LOC:other Where do lobsters like to live ?
HUM:ind Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
DESC:def What is a biologist ?
NUM:count How many years make up a lustrum ?
NUM:date On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
HUM:ind Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
ENTY:cremat What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
ENTY:cremat What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
LOC:mount What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
LOC:other Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
DESC:manner How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
LOC:other Where did George of the Jungle live ?
HUM:ind Who sells Viagra ?
DESC:def What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
NUM:count How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
DESC:def What are the cookies in Internet ?
ENTY:other What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
DESC:manner How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
LOC:other Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
ENTY:food What snack food has ridges ?
NUM:count How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
HUM:title What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
HUM:gr What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
NUM:other What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
HUM:ind What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
HUM:ind Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
LOC:city What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
HUM:ind What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
NUM:money How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
ENTY:sport What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
HUM:gr What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
NUM:other What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
LOC:other Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
NUM:other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
ENTY:dismed What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
DESC:desc What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
ENTY:food What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
LOC:city McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
ENTY:cremat Jude Law acted in which film ?
HUM:ind What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
HUM:ind What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
HUM:gr What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
NUM:dist How tall is Prince Charles ?
NUM:other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
NUM:other What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
ENTY:other What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
NUM:count How many James Bond novels are there ?
HUM:ind What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
ENTY:cremat Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
HUM:ind Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
DESC:manner How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
ENTY:cremat What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
NUM:count How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
DESC:manner How do telephones work ?
DESC:desc What are the seven deadly sins ?
NUM:count How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
LOC:other Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
NUM:period How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is also called what ?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
NUM:count How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of frogs ?
DESC:def What is infomatics ?
ENTY:other What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
HUM:ind Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
NUM:count How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
HUM:gr What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of glass ?
ENTY:cremat What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
ENTY:product What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
LOC:other What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
ABBR:exp What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
HUM:ind What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
HUM:gr What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
ENTY:other What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
DESC:def What is a neurosurgeon ?
NUM:date When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
HUM:ind Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
HUM:ind Who painted Mother and Child ?
HUM:ind Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
DESC:def What is a `` False Moon '' ?
DESC:manner How does a parachute work ?
DESC:def What is witch hazel ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of childbirth ?
HUM:ind What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
ENTY:other What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
DESC:def Define Spumante .
HUM:ind Who invented baseball ?
ENTY:cremat What was the first video ever made ?
DESC:desc Where did marijuana come from ?
DESC:manner How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
LOC:country What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
HUM:ind What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
ENTY:sport What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
LOC:country What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
HUM:ind Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
DESC:manner How does color affect a person psychologically ?
ENTY:animal What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
LOC:other What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
ENTY:color What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
HUM:desc Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
NUM:perc What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
NUM:period What is the average time to kiss somene ?
DESC:desc What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
ENTY:cremat What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
HUM:ind What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
HUM:ind Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
DESC:reason Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
NUM:money What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
DESC:manner How can you tell if someone is lying ?
NUM:volsize How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
DESC:manner How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
DESC:manner How do you find oxidation numbers ?
NUM:count In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
NUM:count How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
LOC:city What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
HUM:ind Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
ENTY:termeq What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
NUM:temp What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
NUM:period How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
NUM:period How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
NUM:money How much does one ton of cement cost ?
HUM:ind Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
NUM:period How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
NUM:period At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
DESC:def What is a mathematical factor ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
HUM:ind Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
HUM:ind What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
LOC:city What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
DESC:desc What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
ENTY:other What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
LOC:other Where is Qatar ?
LOC:other Where is the Keck telescope ?
HUM:ind Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
NUM:date When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
HUM:ind What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
HUM:ind Who is the worst US President ever ?
ENTY:other What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
NUM:money What was the first minimum wage ?
HUM:ind What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
HUM:ind What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
NUM:count How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
HUM:ind Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
ENTY:cremat What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
LOC:other Where can one find Mozambique ?
DESC:manner How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
ENTY:animal What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
HUM:ind Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word , JJ .
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of disease ?
ENTY:dismed What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
LOC:other What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
HUM:ind What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
ENTY:cremat What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
ENTY:cremat What was Mae West 's last film ?
LOC:other Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
HUM:gr What is the best Internet business to go into ?
DESC:manner How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
NUM:date When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
ENTY:other What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
ENTY:other What are the components of polyester ?
LOC:other What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
DESC:reason Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
ENTY:dismed What does a chiropodist treat ?
HUM:ind What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
HUM:ind What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
DESC:def What is time ?
ENTY:other What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
HUM:ind What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
DESC:reason Why did the chicken cross the road ?
ENTY:substance What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
ENTY:plant What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
HUM:gr Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
DESC:manner How does a rainbow form ?
LOC:other What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
DESC:desc What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
HUM:ind Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
HUM:ind Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
HUM:ind Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
DESC:manner How do I know if I am pregnant ?
HUM:ind Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
HUM:ind What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
HUM:ind Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
DESC:reason What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
DESC:def What does the name Melissa mean ?
HUM:ind Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
DESC:def What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
ENTY:sport What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
LOC:country What country 's flag is field green ?
LOC:other Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
NUM:volsize How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
DESC:desc What does an echidna look like ?
DESC:def What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
HUM:ind Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
HUM:gr What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
HUM:ind What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
HUM:title What does Robin Williams do ?
LOC:country What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
NUM:other What is the population of Ohio ?
ENTY:symbol What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
NUM:count How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
DESC:desc What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
ENTY:animal What kind of animal is Babar ?
ENTY:product What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
LOC:other Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
ENTY:veh What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
DESC:def What is Plc ?
LOC:city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
ENTY:food What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
DESC:def What is graduate school ?
DESC:reason What is the cause of endangered species ?
LOC:city What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
ENTY:other What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
ENTY:plant What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
HUM:ind Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
DESC:def What is an ecological niche ?
ENTY:other What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
ENTY:other What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
DESC:manner How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
ENTY:cremat What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
ENTY:other What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
ENTY:other What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
HUM:title What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
HUM:gr Who produces Spumante ?
HUM:ind Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
LOC:other Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
NUM:count How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
ENTY:other What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
NUM:count How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
LOC:country What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
LOC:other Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
ENTY:other What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
NUM:count How many hearts does an octopus have ?
ENTY:food What are all the different types of pizza ?
ENTY:techmeth What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
NUM:money How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
ENTY:sport What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
HUM:ind Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
LOC:other What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
ENTY:other Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
HUM:gr Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
HUM:ind Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
DESC:reason Why does a candle need a wick ?
HUM:gr What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the name Igor ?
NUM:other What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
HUM:ind What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
DESC:manner How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
HUM:ind What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
LOC:other What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
HUM:ind What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
LOC:other What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
HUM:ind Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
LOC:other What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
HUM:ind Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
LOC:other Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
DESC:def What is a serigraph ?
DESC:def What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
ENTY:dismed What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
NUM:count How many grooves are on a dime ?
HUM:ind Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
ENTY:animal What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
NUM:count How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
LOC:other Where is Natick ?
ENTY:other What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
HUM:ind Who is the owner of CNN ?
HUM:ind Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
NUM:speed How fast does the fastest car go ?
LOC:other Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
LOC:other What sea is Bombay on ?
DESC:def What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
LOC:country In what country is Lund ?
NUM:count How many endangered species are there in the world ?
HUM:ind What was her real name ?
LOC:other What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
DESC:def What is tyvek ?
NUM:count How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
DESC:desc What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
ENTY:other What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of rejection ?
LOC:state In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
NUM:count How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
DESC:def What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
ENTY:food Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
HUM:ind Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
NUM:count How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
DESC:def What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
DESC:def What is Win Rah ?
DESC:def What is dry ice ?
HUM:ind What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
LOC:city What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
ENTY:cremat What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
NUM:period How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
ENTY:cremat What is the best-selling book of all time ?
DESC:manner How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
HUM:ind Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
ENTY:instru What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
DESC:def What is Sinn Fein ?
DESC:def What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
DESC:def What is Linux ?
LOC:other Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
HUM:ind What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
NUM:other What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
DESC:def What does the word terrorism mean ?
ENTY:body What are the main blood vessels ?
LOC:country What country boasts the most dams ?
LOC:other What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
DESC:reason What causes rust ?
ENTY:cremat What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
HUM:ind Who 's The King of Swing ?
LOC:other What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
ENTY:other What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
LOC:city Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
LOC:country What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
LOC:other What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
LOC:other Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
NUM:count How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
HUM:ind Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being alone ?
HUM:ind Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
ENTY:other Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
HUM:ind Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
ENTY:cremat Which is the most-used computer program ?
ENTY:other What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
LOC:other Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
HUM:gr What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
ENTY:dismed What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
ENTY:product Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
ENTY:food What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
ENTY:sport What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?
DESC:manner How do birds have sex ?
HUM:ind What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
HUM:ind What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
DESC:desc What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
LOC:city What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
HUM:ind What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
HUM:ind What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
DESC:manner How do you match a name to a social security number ?
LOC:other What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
HUM:gr Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
NUM:period How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
ENTY:sport What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
LOC:state What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
ENTY:cremat What is the Jewish bible called ?
HUM:desc Who was Picasso ?
LOC:other Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
DESC:def What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
ENTY:animal What animals do you find in the stock market ?
DESC:manner How does a hurricane form ?
LOC:country What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
NUM:count How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
ENTY:substance What fuel do airplanes use ?
NUM:other How loud is thunder ?
NUM:count How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
ENTY:dismed What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
HUM:ind What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
HUM:ind Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of gravity ?
LOC:state What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
LOC:country What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
HUM:ind What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
NUM:money What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
NUM:money How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
LOC:other What are the seven seas ?
ENTY:cremat What did Thomas Paine write ?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
LOC:other What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
HUM:ind What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
ENTY:other What types of water pollution are there ?
LOC:country What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
HUM:gr In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
LOC:other What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
HUM:gr What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
NUM:period How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
DESC:manner How does rabies spread ?
HUM:ind What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
ENTY:veh Name an American made motorcycle .
HUM:ind What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
HUM:ind Who is the President of Pergament ?
DESC:desc What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
ENTY:other What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
ENTY:other What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
ENTY:food What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
LOC:other What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
HUM:gr What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
DESC:def What is yohimbine ?
HUM:ind Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
ENTY:animal What kind of creature is a coot ?
NUM:money How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
ENTY:food Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
LOC:other Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
ENTY:product What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
HUM:ind Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
DESC:def What is e-commerce ?
DESC:def What is the Peloponnesian League ?
DESC:def What is digitalis ?
DESC:def What is a Jake brake ?
ENTY:event What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
ENTY:plant What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
HUM:ind What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
HUM:ind What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
HUM:ind What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
DESC:desc What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
DESC:def What is `` dew point '' ?
DESC:manner How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
DESC:reason Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
HUM:gr What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
ENTY:cremat What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
DESC:manner How do you identify prime numbers ?
HUM:ind Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
LOC:state What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
ENTY:food What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
DESC:def What is the highest Roman numeral ?
ENTY:food What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
LOC:country What are the Benelux countries ?
ABBR:exp What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
HUM:ind Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
LOC:other What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
LOC:other Where is Glasgow ?
LOC:state What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
HUM:gr What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
DESC:reason What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
HUM:ind What is a person called that likes fire ?
DESC:manner How can you become an FBI agent ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
NUM:weight How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
ENTY:dismed What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?
ENTY:animal What 's an infant seal called ?
LOC:other Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
HUM:ind Who killed Martin Luther King ?
NUM:count How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
HUM:ind Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
NUM:count How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
DESC:def What are the Urals ?
ENTY:event What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
NUM:count How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
ENTY:substance What does saliva consist of ?
HUM:ind Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
ENTY:event What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
ENTY:color What is the most popular sports car color ?
ENTY:cremat What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
NUM:dist How tall was the animated Frankenstein
NUM:date When was the De Beers company founded ?
ENTY:other What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
LOC:state What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
LOC:other Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
HUM:ind Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
NUM:count How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
ENTY:substance What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
ENTY:cremat What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
DESC:def What is white chocolate ?
HUM:ind Who did Dita Beard work for ?
NUM:date What is the date of Bastille Day ?
DESC:def What is a horologist ?
ENTY:dismed What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
ENTY:termeq What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
DESC:def What is form drag ?
DESC:def What are values ?
NUM:count How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
DESC:reason What is the function of RAM ?
NUM:date When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
HUM:ind Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
DESC:manner How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
LOC:other What river is Windsor Castle on ?
ENTY:cremat What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
NUM:date What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
DESC:def What is God ?
ENTY:product What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
ENTY:color What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
ENTY:lang What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
DESC:manner How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
NUM:count How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
LOC:other What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
ENTY:termeq What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
NUM:money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
LOC:mount What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
LOC:country What is the smallest country in Africa ?
NUM:count How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
DESC:manner How is digital audio used ?
LOC:other Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
HUM:ind Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
LOC:country What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
NUM:weight Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
ENTY:word Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
HUM:ind Who 's the only president buried in Washington
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
DESC:reason Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
ENTY:cremat What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
HUM:ind In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
HUM:ind Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the Bible ?
NUM:dist How far away is the moon ?
ENTY:other What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
HUM:ind Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
ENTY:product What household products are there for adult acne ?
DESC:manner How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
ENTY:word What is the longest English word ?
NUM:count How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
NUM:count How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
ENTY:techmeth What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
DESC:desc What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
DESC:reason What made Jane Goodall famous ?
HUM:title What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
HUM:ind What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
ENTY:other What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
DESC:desc What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
NUM:money What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
DESC:desc What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
LOC:state What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
HUM:ind Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
LOC:other What county is Chicago in ?
HUM:ind Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
ENTY:animal What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
LOC:other Where was the first restaurant ?
NUM:count How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
LOC:other Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
HUM:ind What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
ENTY:sport What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
LOC:other Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
DESC:reason Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
DESC:desc What does an emperor do ?
ENTY:lang What are the two languages of Malta ?
ENTY:cremat What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
LOC:other Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
HUM:ind In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
HUM:ind The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
ENTY:other What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
ENTY:substance What is a softball made of ?
HUM:ind Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
HUM:ind What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
LOC:other What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
DESC:def What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
NUM:count A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
LOC:other Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
ENTY:termeq What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
DESC:def What is a phalanx ?
DESC:reason Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
ENTY:animal What is the fastest fish in the world ?
NUM:count How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
HUM:ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
LOC:country What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is known by what other name ?
DESC:reason What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
LOC:country What country has problems with hooligans ?
ENTY:cremat Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
ENTY:termeq What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
LOC:other Where is McCarren Airport located ?
NUM:date When did the Carolingian period begin ?
LOC:city What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
DESC:def What is a bourdon tube ?
DESC:def What is viscosity ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
LOC:other What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
HUM:ind Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
LOC:other When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
HUM:ind Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
ENTY:other What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
HUM:gr What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
HUM:ind Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
NUM:date When did swimming become commonplace ?
HUM:ind What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
ABBR:exp What is HTML ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
HUM:desc Who is Desmond Tutu ?
DESC:desc What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
HUM:ind What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
HUM:ind What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
ENTY:other What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
NUM:count How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
NUM:weight How much does a poodle weigh ?
NUM:date When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
DESC:manner How did Socrates die ?
DESC:desc What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
HUM:ind Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
NUM:date When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
DESC:def What are chloroplasts ?
DESC:def What is a plant supplement ?
ENTY:other What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
DESC:def What is Spumante ?
NUM:perc What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
DESC:reason How come light bulbs go out ?
DESC:reason What makes a tornado turn ?
DESC:manner How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
NUM:money What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
HUM:gr When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
ENTY:cremat What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
ENTY:color What color were their horses ?
NUM:count How many different vegetation zones are there ?
DESC:manner How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
HUM:ind What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
HUM:ind Who created Big Ben ?
ENTY:dismed What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
DESC:manner How do you make the color purple ?
NUM:count How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
HUM:title What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
DESC:desc What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
DESC:desc Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
NUM:date When was the San Francisco fire ?
HUM:ind What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
DESC:desc What will the weather be today ?
HUM:ind Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
DESC:manner How is cologne made ?
ENTY:food What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
HUM:ind Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
DESC:desc What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
DESC:def Define Sinn Fein .
DESC:reason Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
ENTY:other What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
HUM:gr What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
NUM:weight What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
ENTY:color What color is Chablis ?
NUM:count How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
LOC:other Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
HUM:gr What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
ENTY:food Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
ENTY:event What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
DESC:reason Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
LOC:country What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
NUM:date When did Nixon die ?
HUM:ind Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
HUM:ind Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
LOC:other Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
DESC:manner How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
HUM:ind Who is the head of the World Bank ?
LOC:other On what river is Strasbourg built ?
HUM:ind What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
HUM:ind Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
ENTY:color What color are tennis balls ?
ENTY:other What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
ENTY:termeq What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
LOC:other Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
NUM:dist How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
HUM:ind Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
HUM:ind Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
ENTY:termeq What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
DESC:def What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
ENTY:other What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
NUM:date What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
ENTY:sport What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
DESC:manner How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
DESC:def What are Bellworts ?
NUM:count How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
HUM:ind Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
HUM:ind What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
HUM:ind Who was the first person to study the stars ?
LOC:city What European city do Nicois live in ?
ENTY:veh Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
DESC:def What is the definition of cosmology ?
LOC:other Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
DESC:def What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
NUM:count How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
HUM:ind What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
ENTY:animal Who was the first animal into space ?
LOC:other What 's the longest river in the world ?
DESC:desc What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
LOC:city What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
LOC:country What countries have the most auto thefts ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
ABBR:exp What is DSL ?
LOC:other Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
HUM:desc Who is Barbara Jordan ?
HUM:ind What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
LOC:state What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
NUM:weight What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
ENTY:cremat What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
NUM:count How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
NUM:date What year did Hitler die ?
NUM:count How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
DESC:reason What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
HUM:ind Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
DESC:manner How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
LOC:other Where did the name Daniel originate ?
LOC:other Where was Poe born ?
HUM:gr What company produces Spumante ?
NUM:count How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
HUM:ind Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
NUM:count How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
DESC:def What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
ENTY:other What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
LOC:country What country borders the most others ?
NUM:date When is a woman most fertile ?
LOC:country What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
ENTY:other What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
DESC:desc Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
NUM:count How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
NUM:count How many events make up the decathlon ?
HUM:ind Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
LOC:country What country 's capital is Tirana ?
DESC:manner How does a glacier form ?
ENTY:termeq What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
DESC:reason What is Colin Powell best known for ?
DESC:reason What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
LOC:other What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
HUM:gr What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
LOC:country What country contains the highest point in South America ?
HUM:gr Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
DESC:reason What causes an earthquake ?
ENTY:other What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
ENTY:food What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
HUM:ind What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
LOC:other What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
DESC:def What is the VDRL test of blood ?
NUM:date What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
HUM:ind Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
HUM:ind What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
DESC:reason What is the function of the appendix ?
ENTY:cremat What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
NUM:count How many types of cheese are there in France ?
DESC:manner How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
HUM:ind Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
NUM:other What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
DESC:def What is hydroelectricity ?
DESC:manner How do you handle a hungry man ?
HUM:ind What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
DESC:manner How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
LOC:other Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
LOC:other Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
HUM:ind What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
ENTY:animal What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
ENTY:cremat What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
LOC:other What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
LOC:other Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
NUM:money What is the regular price ?
DESC:reason Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
DESC:manner How do you find the area of a circle ?
HUM:ind What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
HUM:ind Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
LOC:country What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
NUM:count How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
HUM:ind Who is the father of the computer ?
ENTY:cremat What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
NUM:period How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
ENTY:religion What religion has the most members ?
NUM:date What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
LOC:other What are all the rivers in Europe ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
ENTY:cremat What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''
HUM:gr What civilization invented the arch ?
HUM:ind What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
NUM:count How many people died on D-Day ?
ENTY:event What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
NUM:count How many people watch network television ?
HUM:gr What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
ENTY:other What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
DESC:manner How can you be happy ?
DESC:def What are Maid-Rites ?
LOC:mount Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
NUM:count How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
HUM:ind Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
ABBR:exp What does RCA stand for ?
DESC:def What was archy , and mehitabel ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
ENTY:other What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
NUM:other What is the frequency of VHF ?
NUM:period How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
DESC:manner How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
ENTY:animal What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
LOC:other Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
DESC:def What are equity securities ?
HUM:ind Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
ENTY:substance What alloy do copper and tin form ?
NUM:period How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
ENTY:cremat What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
DESC:reason Why do people get calluses ?
ENTY:other What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
HUM:gr What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
DESC:def What is a green bog ?
LOC:other What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
NUM:dist How far can a human eye see ?
ABBR:exp What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
LOC:city What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
HUM:ind Who created the character James Bond ?
DESC:def What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
ENTY:product What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
DESC:def What 's an auberge in France ?
LOC:other What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
HUM:ind What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
NUM:date What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
NUM:other What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
NUM:count How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
DESC:manner How was the Kennedy money made ?
NUM:count How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
DESC:def What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
DESC:def What are Fortune 500 companies ?
DESC:manner How do I find a snowboarding website ?
NUM:count How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
LOC:country Name the country which Honecker lived in .
HUM:ind Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
HUM:ind What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
HUM:ind Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
LOC:other What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
DESC:desc What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
LOC:city What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
ENTY:sport What sport do you shag flies in ?
HUM:desc Who is Stein Eriksen ?
LOC:country What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
ENTY:food What food can I use to catch a possum ?
DESC:def What is limbo ?
LOC:other What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
ENTY:animal Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
DESC:manner How can SQL queries be improved ?
ENTY:animal What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
ENTY:other What constitutes an adult ?
HUM:ind Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
ENTY:letter What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
NUM:count How many meters are in a mile ?
DESC:reason Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
ENTY:other What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
ENTY:color What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
ENTY:substance What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
ENTY:animal In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
NUM:date When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
ENTY:termeq What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
ENTY:sport What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
DESC:reason Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
ENTY:other What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
LOC:state What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of odors , body , ?
LOC:city What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
DESC:manner How does blood clot ?
ENTY:dismed Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
HUM:ind What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
HUM:ind CNN is owned by whom ?
ENTY:animal What animal has the biggest eyes ?
ENTY:other What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
ENTY:currency What money was used here ?
ENTY:cremat What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
DESC:manner How do ants have sex ?
ENTY:cremat What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
ENTY:product Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
DESC:def What is the Lost Colony ?
DESC:def What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
HUM:gr What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
NUM:money What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
NUM:other What is the frequency of VHF ?
ENTY:animal What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
HUM:ind Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of the computer called ?
LOC:other What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
NUM:date When was the Congress of Vienna ?
HUM:ind Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
DESC:reason Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
NUM:date What year did Montana become a state ?
ABBR:exp When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
NUM:period What is the life span of the average monkey ?
ENTY:sport What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
NUM:other What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
ENTY:word What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
HUM:gr Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
HUM:ind What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
DESC:manner How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
LOC:other What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
ENTY:dismed What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
LOC:country What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
HUM:ind What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
LOC:other What 's the sacred river of India ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
LOC:city What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
ENTY:lang What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
ENTY:sport What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
ABBR:exp What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
NUM:date When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
NUM:date When was Hurricane Hugo ?
ABBR:exp What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
ENTY:sport In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
LOC:state What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
DESC:manner How can I stop or slow down aging ?
ENTY:sport What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?
HUM:desc Who is Edmund Kemper ?
NUM:volsize What is the size of Argentina ?
NUM:count How many questions do you have on your database ?
ENTY:instru What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
LOC:state What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
DESC:desc What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
HUM:ind What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
LOC:other Where was George Washington born ?
DESC:def What is a geoscientist ?
DESC:def What is porphyria ?
NUM:count How many varieties of apple are there ?
NUM:count How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
DESC:def What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
NUM:other What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
LOC:country What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
LOC:other Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
DESC:def What is a handheld PC ?
NUM:count How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
DESC:manner How do microwaves work ?
LOC:state What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
ENTY:cremat What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
HUM:ind What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
ENTY:sport What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
DESC:def What is Srpska Krajina ?
LOC:city Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
HUM:ind Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
DESC:desc Where did the term fireplug come from ?
ENTY:food What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
LOC:other Where is Rider College ?
HUM:ind What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
LOC:other What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
LOC:country What country is the largest diamond producer ?
LOC:other Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
DESC:reason What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
LOC:country In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
NUM:date In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
HUM:ind What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
HUM:ind Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
NUM:period How old is the universe ?
DESC:desc What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
DESC:desc What happens to used motor oil ?
DESC:manner How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
DESC:desc What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
HUM:ind What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
HUM:ind Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
LOC:state What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
DESC:def What is a nanometer ?
DESC:manner How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
LOC:other What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
ENTY:cremat What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
ENTY:cremat What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
NUM:date What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
HUM:ind What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
ENTY:religion In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
NUM:count How many chemical elements are there ?
ENTY:event What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
HUM:ind What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
ENTY:other What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
LOC:other Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
HUM:ind Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
ABBR:exp What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
ENTY:food What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
ENTY:cremat What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
NUM:count How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
ENTY:other What format was the major competition of VHS ?
LOC:other What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
HUM:ind Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
NUM:other What is the population of Mozambique ?
HUM:ind Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
LOC:other What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
DESC:def What is being done about the millennium bug ?
HUM:ind Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
NUM:count How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
DESC:reason What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
NUM:date When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
NUM:date What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
ENTY:event What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
NUM:period How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
HUM:ind What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
ENTY:other What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
NUM:period What age is Benny Carter ?
NUM:period On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
HUM:gr What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
NUM:count How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
NUM:code What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
DESC:def What is InterLata Internet service ?
DESC:reason What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
ENTY:body What are the names of the different toes ?
NUM:period What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
DESC:def What is hebephrenia ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
NUM:count How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
HUM:gr What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
DESC:desc Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
DESC:manner How do cameras take pictures ?
NUM:other What was Einstein 's IQ ?
ENTY:other What does a farrier put shoes on ?
LOC:other Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
DESC:reason Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
HUM:ind What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
NUM:date When did the American Civil War end ?
DESC:def What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
HUM:ind What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
ENTY:animal What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
DESC:def What are the alveoli ?
ENTY:substance What are the most common elements in seawater ?
ENTY:animal Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
ENTY:animal What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
ENTY:other What is the rarest coin ?
DESC:manner How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
NUM:dist How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
NUM:dist How deep is a fathom ?
HUM:gr Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
DESC:manner How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
ABBR:abb What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
DESC:def What is federal income tax ?
LOC:other Where is Santa Lucia ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of children ?
NUM:count How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
HUM:ind Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
DESC:reason What causes rust ?
HUM:ind What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
DESC:def What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
HUM:ind Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
ENTY:food What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
DESC:desc What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
DESC:reason Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
LOC:country What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
NUM:money What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
ENTY:other What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
HUM:ind Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
HUM:gr Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
ENTY:animal What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
DESC:reason Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
DESC:desc What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
NUM:perc Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
LOC:city What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
HUM:ind Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
ENTY:event What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
DESC:def What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
HUM:ind Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
ENTY:other What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
ENTY:cremat What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
DESC:desc What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
LOC:country What country owns Corsica ?
LOC:city What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
HUM:ind Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
DESC:reason What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
LOC:other What is worth seeing in Reims ?
LOC:other What is the tallest building in Japan ?
ENTY:dismed What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
NUM:period What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of weakness ?
HUM:ind Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
HUM:ind Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
DESC:def What is the Internet2 ?
LOC:city What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
HUM:ind Name a female figure skater .
DESC:desc What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
NUM:count How many sides does an obelisk have ?
DESC:desc What is the secret of the universe ?
ENTY:other What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
NUM:count How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
HUM:ind What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
NUM:money How much does the President get paid ?
ENTY:color What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
HUM:desc Who is Samuel Pickering ?
DESC:def What is habeas corpus ?
LOC:country Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
DESC:manner How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
ENTY:body What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
HUM:ind What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
DESC:desc What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Seattle ?
NUM:date When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
HUM:ind Who was the architect of Central Park ?
DESC:def What is a gandy dancer ?
HUM:gr What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
LOC:city What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
DESC:reason What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
HUM:ind Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
LOC:city What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
NUM:count How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
NUM:period What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
ENTY:sport What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
HUM:ind Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
DESC:manner How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
HUM:ind What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
ENTY:word What English word contains the most letters ?
HUM:ind Who killed Gandhi ?
LOC:other What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
DESC:reason Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
LOC:other Where is Guam ?
NUM:date When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
ENTY:event What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of being dirty ?
NUM:count How many languages does the Pope speak ?
NUM:count How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
ENTY:sport What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
LOC:country What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
HUM:ind Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
DESC:def What is paracetamol ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of head lice ?
HUM:ind Who patented the first phonograph ?
HUM:ind What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
DESC:reason What causes tuberculosis ?
ENTY:food What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
LOC:other Where is the Orange Bowl ?
DESC:desc What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
DESC:reason Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
ABBR:exp What does BUD stand for ?
NUM:money How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
DESC:def What is a hydrogen bond ?
ABBR:exp What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
LOC:city What United States city produces the most oil ?
DESC:def What is artificial intelligence ?
ENTY:event What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
NUM:date When does menstruation begin ?
NUM:date When was the Big Thompson flood ?
HUM:gr What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
NUM:count How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
HUM:ind What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
HUM:ind What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
HUM:gr What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
HUM:ind Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
ENTY:lang What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
LOC:city What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
DESC:manner How is the element strontium purified ?
HUM:ind What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
ENTY:product What is the brand name of daminozide ?
DESC:reason What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
LOC:other What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
DESC:def What is endometriosis ?
DESC:desc What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
ENTY:food Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
HUM:ind Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
HUM:ind What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who won the Superbowl in ?
ENTY:cremat What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
HUM:ind What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
ENTY:substance What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Congo ?
ENTY:veh What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
ENTY:dismed What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
NUM:date When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
LOC:country What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
NUM:date What date did man first land on the moon ?
LOC:other Where are diamonds mined ?
ENTY:other What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
ENTY:dismed What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
HUM:ind What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
NUM:dist How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
ENTY:termeq What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
NUM:date When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
NUM:perc Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
ENTY:food What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
DESC:reason Why is the development of space so important ?
NUM:count How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
HUM:ind Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
ENTY:animal Name four famous cartoon cats .
LOC:other What are the largest breweries in the world ?
LOC:city What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
DESC:desc What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
ENTY:cremat What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
HUM:desc Who is Colin Powell ?
ENTY:veh What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
ENTY:letter What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
HUM:ind What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
HUM:ind What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
LOC:other Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
LOC:country What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
ENTY:techmeth What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
NUM:date When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
ENTY:other What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
NUM:period What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
HUM:gr Who built the first pyramid ?
LOC:city In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
ENTY:other What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
ENTY:other What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
HUM:ind Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
DESC:manner How does a submarine operate ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of worms ?
NUM:dist How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
NUM:other What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
HUM:gr Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
ENTY:termeq What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
HUM:ind Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
LOC:other Where is McCarren Airport ?
ENTY:instru Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
DESC:def What was The Living Room War ?
NUM:count How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
HUM:ind What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
ENTY:cremat What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?
HUM:ind Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
HUM:ind Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
DESC:reason Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
ABBR:exp In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
HUM:ind Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
ENTY:veh What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
DESC:reason Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
LOC:other Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
LOC:other Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
HUM:ind Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
LOC:country What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
HUM:gr What high school does Archie attend ?
LOC:other Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
NUM:dist How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
ENTY:product What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?
HUM:ind What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
DESC:desc What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
NUM:count How many quarters equal a pound ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
DESC:def What does hazmat stand for ?
DESC:reason Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
ENTY:cremat What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
DESC:manner How do I do this ?
HUM:ind What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
DESC:def What is Java ?
DESC:manner How can I find out my Moon sign ?
ENTY:other At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
DESC:manner How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
NUM:other What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
DESC:def What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
DESC:reason What makes salt ?
LOC:other What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
HUM:ind Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
ENTY:other What are the different types of plastic ?
ENTY:other What can one see in Reims ?
ENTY:cremat What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
LOC:country What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of sourness ?
LOC:other What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
DESC:desc What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
HUM:ind Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
ENTY:cremat In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
ENTY:word What is the longest word in the English language ?
LOC:other What are some good fractal web sites ?
HUM:ind What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
HUM:ind Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
HUM:ind What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
DESC:reason Why is the mile 528 feet ?
LOC:country What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
DESC:desc What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
NUM:perc What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
LOC:other What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
NUM:count How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
DESC:manner How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
DESC:desc What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
LOC:other Where is Melbourne ?
HUM:ind Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
ENTY:dismed What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?
LOC:other Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
HUM:ind Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
NUM:period What is the average age a horse lives ?
DESC:def What is the largest variety of cactus ?
HUM:ind What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
HUM:ind Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
LOC:other Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
ENTY:food What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
DESC:reason Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
DESC:manner How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
HUM:ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
HUM:ind Who was the inventor of the stove ?
ABBR:exp What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
NUM:count About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
NUM:date Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
HUM:ind Who invented the electric guitar ?
DESC:desc What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
DESC:def What is an urban legend ?
NUM:count How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
DESC:manner How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
DESC:desc What are some children 's rights ?
HUM:ind What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
HUM:gr What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
ENTY:techmeth What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
HUM:ind What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
HUM:ind Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
DESC:reason What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
NUM:money What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
ENTY:product What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
DESC:def What are amphibians ?
ENTY:animal What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
DESC:manner How do they find an epicenter ?
DESC:reason What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
ENTY:animal What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
LOC:country What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
LOC:other Where did he get the title ?
ENTY:animal What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
HUM:ind What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
HUM:ind What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
DESC:def What is Boston Kreme ?
LOC:country Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
LOC:other Where is Rider College located ?
LOC:country In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
NUM:speed What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
LOC:other Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
NUM:date When was the first stained glass window made ?
LOC:country What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
DESC:reason What makes sperm ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
HUM:ind Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
NUM:volsize How big is a quart ?
HUM:ind What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
HUM:ind Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
HUM:gr What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
NUM:count How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
DESC:def What is pandoro ?
DESC:manner How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
ENTY:substance What is a golf ball made of ?
DESC:manner How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
HUM:ind What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
DESC:manner How successful is arometherapy ?
HUM:ind Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of food ?
ENTY:food What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
LOC:city What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
LOC:other What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
ENTY:food What do penguins eat ?
HUM:gr What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
HUM:ind Who created Harry Lime ?
NUM:date When was Dick Clark born ?
DESC:manner How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
DESC:reason What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
HUM:ind What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
NUM:date What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
DESC:reason Why can 't ostriches fly ?
DESC:reason What is the purpose of a car bra ?
NUM:date When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
HUM:ind Who found Hawaii ?
LOC:other What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
LOC:country What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
DESC:reason Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
DESC:manner How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
DESC:manner How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
LOC:other What was known as the Spice Island ?
DESC:desc What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
NUM:date In what year was the cannon invented ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
HUM:ind What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
HUM:ind What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
ENTY:dismed What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
NUM:count How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
DESC:def What are binomial coefficients ?
NUM:count How many people in the world speak French ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
DESC:def What does the name Kelly mean ?
LOC:country What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
DESC:reason Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
DESC:manner How were the days of the week named ?
NUM:count How many bones are in the human hand ?
NUM:perc What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
LOC:state What state has the most Indians ?
ENTY:product What toy can you make sleep ?
ENTY:sport What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
ENTY:cremat What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
NUM:date When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
ENTY:other What did Tristan come back as ?
DESC:reason Why is hockey so violent ?
HUM:ind Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
ENTY:sport What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
DESC:desc Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
NUM:count How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
NUM:period How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
DESC:desc What happened to Pompeii ?
LOC:city What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
ENTY:instru What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
HUM:gr Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
HUM:ind Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
HUM:ind What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
NUM:count How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
ENTY:substance What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
ENTY:sport What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
DESC:def What is tumbled marble ?
NUM:date When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
ENTY:color What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
ENTY:other What did Benny Carter play ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of bees ?
DESC:manner How was the element calcium named ?
NUM:count How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
DESC:def What does Melissa mean ?
HUM:gr Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
NUM:count How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
LOC:city What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
DESC:reason Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
ENTY:other What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
NUM:count What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
ENTY:other Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
ENTY:cremat What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
NUM:period What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
DESC:reason Why does it snow ?
ENTY:cremat What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
DESC:reason Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
DESC:def What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
DESC:def What does Aaron mean ?
LOC:other What London street is the home of British journalism ?
LOC:other What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
DESC:reason What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
NUM:count How much iron is in your body ?
LOC:country What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
HUM:ind What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
DESC:desc What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
ENTY:termeq Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
ENTY:instru Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
NUM:dist How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of stings ?
NUM:other What does 7847+5943 equal ?
NUM:count How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
NUM:other What was Einstein 's IQ ?
HUM:ind What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
HUM:gr What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
HUM:gr Name a French fascist party .
LOC:other Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
LOC:country What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
ENTY:animal What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
DESC:reason What makes you fat ?
HUM:ind Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
DESC:def What does the name Billie mean ?
NUM:count How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
NUM:perc What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
ENTY:animal What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
DESC:desc What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
HUM:gr What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of hell ?
HUM:gr Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
NUM:date When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
ENTY:other What does a collier mine ?
NUM:date In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
LOC:mount What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
DESC:def What are the Poconos ?
ENTY:other What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
HUM:ind Who created Maudie Frickett ?
NUM:date When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
DESC:manner How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
LOC:city What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
LOC:other What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
DESC:def What is Nitrox diving ?
DESC:manner How can I give myself a French manicure ?
HUM:ind Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
DESC:def What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
ENTY:lang What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
ENTY:other What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
NUM:period The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
ENTY:food What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of trees ?
LOC:other What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
LOC:country What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
HUM:gr What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
ENTY:product What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
NUM:ord Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
DESC:manner How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
ENTY:other What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
NUM:money What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
ENTY:other What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
ENTY:cremat What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
NUM:count How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
ENTY:food What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
ENTY:sport What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
DESC:reason What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
ENTY:animal What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
DESC:manner How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
DESC:manner How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
HUM:ind Who invented the radio ?
LOC:other What is the oldest building in the United States ?
HUM:gr What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
DESC:def What is hyperopia ?
ENTY:cremat What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
HUM:ind Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
DESC:def What are dingoes ?
ENTY:word What is another word for diet ?
LOC:country What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
HUM:ind Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
DESC:def What else has the swastika stood for ?
ENTY:body Which ear can most people hear better with ?
DESC:desc What are the benefits of home school ?
ABBR:exp What does NASA stand for ?
DESC:reason What is Archimedes famous for ?
LOC:other Where 's the GUM department store ?
NUM:count How many horses died during the civil war ?
HUM:gr Name a South African diamond producer ?
NUM:count How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
DESC:desc What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
LOC:other Where are the 49 steps ?
DESC:manner How did Bob Marley die ?
HUM:ind Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
DESC:desc What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
NUM:count How many times more than 3
NUM:period How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
HUM:gr What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
ENTY:termeq What was another name for East Germany ?
HUM:ind Who founded the Unification Church ?
LOC:other Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
ENTY:sport What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
ENTY:word What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
LOC:country What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
ENTY:symbol What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
DESC:def What is a cake of soap ?
HUM:ind Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
DESC:manner How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
ENTY:other What are the wolverine habits ?
DESC:manner How do you do a topic outline ?
NUM:dist What is the wingspan of a condor ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
ENTY:other What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
LOC:city What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
NUM:date What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
ENTY:other What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
DESC:reason Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
NUM:count How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
NUM:dist What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
HUM:gr What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
HUM:ind Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
NUM:count How many people in America snore ?
LOC:other Where is Ayer 's rock ?
DESC:reason Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
NUM:period How old is Jeremy Piven ?
LOC:other Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
DESC:desc What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
LOC:state What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
HUM:ind What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
NUM:perc What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
NUM:count How many countries are there ?
DESC:reason What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
ENTY:termeq Aspartame is also known as what ?
HUM:ind Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
DESC:manner How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
ENTY:word What English word has the most letters ?
ENTY:other What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
ENTY:veh What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
ENTY:veh Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
DESC:reason Why is the grass green ?
ENTY:animal What are the two largest birds on earth ?
LOC:state What state does Charles Robb represent ?
HUM:ind What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
DESC:def What is the virus HIV ?
DESC:def Define cosmology .
HUM:ind What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
LOC:country What countries have the best math students ?
ENTY:other What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
HUM:ind What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
LOC:city What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
HUM:ind Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
LOC:other Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
ENTY:food What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
NUM:date In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
DESC:desc What are the current immigration laws in US ?
NUM:count How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
DESC:def What is the Socratic method ?
HUM:desc Who was Jinnah ?
NUM:count How many verses are in the Bible ?
DESC:def What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
HUM:ind Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
ENTY:cremat What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
ABBR:exp CNN is an acronym for what ?
HUM:ind What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
ENTY:other What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
LOC:country What country has the most coastline ?
DESC:manner How do companies cut paper so thin ?
HUM:ind What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
DESC:manner How was the ACLU formed ?
DESC:def What was the Long March in China ?
HUM:ind Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
LOC:other What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
ENTY:event What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
HUM:ind What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
DESC:def What does Ouija mean ?
ENTY:food What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
LOC:other What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
DESC:reason What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
HUM:gr What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
HUM:ind Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
ENTY:substance What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
ENTY:color What three colors are on the French flag ?
NUM:dist How far out is the universe ?
DESC:desc What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
ENTY:veh What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
HUM:ind Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
NUM:date What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
ENTY:food What were the first frozen foods ?
LOC:other Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
ENTY:techmeth What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
LOC:other Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
ENTY:techmeth In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?
HUM:gr Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
DESC:manner How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
NUM:other How large is Missouri 's population ?
ENTY:animal What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
HUM:ind Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
NUM:period How long do hermit crabs live ?
HUM:desc Who is Zebulon Pike ?
LOC:other What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
LOC:other What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
ENTY:animal What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
NUM:count How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
DESC:def What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
HUM:ind What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
ENTY:food What do manatees eat ?
ENTY:veh What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
ENTY:techmeth What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
LOC:other Where did guinea pigs originate ?
HUM:ind Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
DESC:manner How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
LOC:other Where is the group M People from ?
ENTY:other What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
LOC:state What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
LOC:other What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
LOC:city What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
ENTY:cremat What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
ENTY:animal What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
DESC:manner How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
HUM:ind Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
LOC:other What continent is Bolivia on ?
ENTY:cremat What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
DESC:manner How did Rocky Marciano die ?
ENTY:sport Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
HUM:ind What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
DESC:desc What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
HUM:ind Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
HUM:gr What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
HUM:ind Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
HUM:ind What is the most popular last name ?
HUM:ind Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
DESC:desc What is the root of all evil ?
LOC:mount What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
LOC:country What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
DESC:def Hazmat stands for what ?
ENTY:animal What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
HUM:ind Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
ENTY:product What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
NUM:volsize How big is the largest diamond ?
DESC:def What is a stratocaster ?
HUM:ind Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
LOC:country What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
ENTY:food To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
HUM:ind Who made the first gas engine ?
NUM:count How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
ENTY:cremat What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?
DESC:desc What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
DESC:def What is a hormone ?
LOC:other Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
HUM:ind Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of women ?
HUM:desc Who is Peter Weir ?
ENTY:cremat What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
HUM:ind What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
ENTY:cremat What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
LOC:other Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
NUM:other What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
DESC:desc What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
DESC:reason Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
ABBR:exp What is SAP ?
LOC:city What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
ENTY:food What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
LOC:other What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
LOC:other Where are zebras most likely found ?
HUM:ind What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
LOC:other What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
HUM:ind Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
HUM:desc Who was Red Grange ?
ENTY:food What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
NUM:date What date is Boxing Day ?
HUM:ind Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
LOC:other Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
ENTY:cremat What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
ENTY:food What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
HUM:title What is Larry King 's job ?
DESC:def What is a wop ?
LOC:other What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
DESC:def What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
ENTY:other What does it take to become a lawyer ?
HUM:ind Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
HUM:ind Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
NUM:money How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
ENTY:veh What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
DESC:manner How do you address a Chinese person ?
ENTY:food What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
NUM:ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
NUM:other What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
DESC:reason Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
HUM:ind Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
DESC:def What is prepared mustard ?
HUM:ind What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
DESC:reason For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
HUM:title When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
ENTY:food Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
DESC:desc What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
ENTY:animal What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
ENTY:other A corgi is a kind of what ?
LOC:other Where are the Haversian canals ?
LOC:country What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between hair and fur ?
HUM:ind Who is the Pope ?
NUM:other What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
HUM:ind What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
LOC:other Where is Burma ?
LOC:city What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
DESC:manner How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
NUM:dist How tall is the giraffe ?
HUM:ind What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
LOC:other Which continent has the most roses ?
ENTY:cremat What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
NUM:period How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
LOC:other What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
DESC:def What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
LOC:state What state is the Filenes store located in ?
DESC:desc What 's the state motto of California ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of food ?
ENTY:cremat What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
HUM:ind Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
DESC:manner How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
LOC:city What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
NUM:count How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
LOC:other Where 's Montenegro ?
ENTY:cremat What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
ENTY:cremat Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
LOC:country What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
HUM:ind Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
HUM:ind Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
HUM:ind What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
LOC:other In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
HUM:ind Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
HUM:ind What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
ABBR:exp What does BMW stand for ?
LOC:country What country is home to Heineken beer ?
LOC:other Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
HUM:ind What is the present Pope named ?
HUM:ind Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
HUM:ind What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
ENTY:currency What money was used by them ?
ENTY:cremat What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
HUM:ind Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
DESC:desc What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
DESC:desc What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
NUM:count How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
NUM:count How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
DESC:manner How do you make a million bucks ?
HUM:ind Who is the Antichrist ?
LOC:other Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
DESC:def What is gymnophobia ?
NUM:date When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
ENTY:other What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?
LOC:state What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
NUM:date When was Christ born ?
HUM:gr What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
ABBR:exp What is BPH ?
ENTY:other What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
HUM:gr What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
ENTY:dismed What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
ENTY:food What do flatfish eat ?
LOC:country What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
HUM:ind Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
NUM:period How old is the sun ?
DESC:desc What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
HUM:gr Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
NUM:date When was the bar-code invented ?
NUM:count How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
DESC:def What does Las Vegas mean ?
NUM:count How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
LOC:state Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
DESC:manner How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
DESC:reason What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
HUM:ind Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
LOC:state What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
NUM:dist How far can you see ?
ENTY:product What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
NUM:date When is Bastille Day ?
DESC:def What is The Gay Science ?
DESC:def What does Robert mean ?
DESC:desc What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
ENTY:termeq What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
HUM:ind What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
NUM:count How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
HUM:ind Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
DESC:reason Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
ENTY:other What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
ENTY:color What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
HUM:gr Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
NUM:count How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
DESC:def What is magnetar ?
ENTY:product What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
ABBR:exp What does pH stand for ?
HUM:ind Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
DESC:manner How do you tell somebody you like them ?
LOC:city What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
HUM:ind What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
ENTY:cremat What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
LOC:other Where did the Maya people live ?
DESC:desc What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
HUM:ind Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
HUM:ind Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
DESC:def What is the nature of learning ?
DESC:def What is an isthmus ?
DESC:def What is a pig in a poke ?
ENTY:body What two body parts grow all your life ?
NUM:count How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
ENTY:termeq What is another name for nearsightedness ?
HUM:ind Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of cold ?
HUM:ind What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
ENTY:other What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
DESC:desc Where did the name root beer come from ?
ENTY:cremat What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
HUM:ind Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
ENTY:animal What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
HUM:ind What was Thatcher 's first name ?
NUM:count How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
DESC:manner How can I find online spelling ?
LOC:state Kosovo is a province of what country ?
DESC:manner How do you write a book report ?
HUM:ind Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
ENTY:other What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
HUM:ind Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
DESC:def What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
NUM:code What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
ENTY:animal What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
DESC:def What is a rhomboideus minor ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
DESC:def What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
NUM:period What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
HUM:ind What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
LOC:country What nationality is Gorbachev ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
NUM:count About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
HUM:ind Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
HUM:ind Who was the first king of England ?
LOC:other Where is the Orinoco ?
DESC:manner How was Lawrence
ENTY:other What determines the value of the pearl ?
NUM:count How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
LOC:city The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
ENTY:veh What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
ENTY:cremat What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
DESC:def What are boxcars ?
LOC:other Where did Honecker rule ?
HUM:ind Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
DESC:def What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
ENTY:food What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
LOC:other What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
LOC:other Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
HUM:ind Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
DESC:reason In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
HUM:gr What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
DESC:manner How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
LOC:other What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
HUM:ind What president also became a supreme court justice ?
HUM:ind What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
DESC:def What is a First World country ?
HUM:ind Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
HUM:ind Who made Stonehenge ?
DESC:desc What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
NUM:date In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
LOC:country What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
DESC:manner How do I find a web address for a company ?
NUM:date When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
ENTY:event What is the mission of Nike ?
DESC:reason What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
DESC:manner How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
ENTY:color What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
NUM:date When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
NUM:date In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
DESC:def What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
HUM:ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
ENTY:other What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
DESC:def What is hypnotherapy ?
NUM:date When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
LOC:other Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
LOC:other In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
DESC:reason What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
NUM:date Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
LOC:other What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
ENTY:animal What do you call a group of geese ?
NUM:count How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
HUM:ind What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
DESC:manner How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
DESC:reason Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
ABBR:exp What does the acronym CPR mean ?
HUM:ind Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
HUM:ind Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
ENTY:cremat What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
NUM:money What is the federal minimum wage ?
LOC:other What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
ENTY:cremat What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
ENTY:food What fruit does the ficus produce ?
LOC:other What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
ENTY:product Italy is the largest producer of what ?
HUM:ind What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
ENTY:other What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
ENTY:animal What 's the official animal of Canada ?
HUM:ind Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the name Katie ?
LOC:city What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
HUM:ind What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
LOC:other Where are all European and American eels born ?
ENTY:animal What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of home surroundings ?
HUM:desc Who was Santos-Dumont ?
LOC:other Where did makeup originate ?
LOC:other Where was Tesla born ?
NUM:count How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
NUM:date When was Queen Victoria born ?
ENTY:cremat What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
ENTY:cremat What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
ENTY:other What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
LOC:other Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
HUM:gr What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
ENTY:cremat What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
HUM:ind Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
ENTY:instru What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
HUM:ind Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
ENTY:cremat What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
NUM:count How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
ENTY:cremat Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
NUM:date When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
ENTY:event What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
ENTY:other What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
ENTY:other In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
ENTY:animal What do peacocks mate with ?
HUM:ind Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
HUM:title What is her profession ?
ENTY:plant What is state tree of Nebraska ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
DESC:manner How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
ENTY:food What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
HUM:desc Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
DESC:def What is home banking ?
ENTY:color What are Halloween 's colors ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
LOC:other Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
LOC:mount What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
NUM:count How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
HUM:gr What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
DESC:desc What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
LOC:country What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
HUM:ind What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
NUM:money What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
NUM:date What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
ENTY:cremat What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
LOC:country What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
HUM:gr What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
ENTY:event What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
NUM:count How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
HUM:ind What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
NUM:date What century does Captain Video live in ?
HUM:ind What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
ENTY:food What do ladybugs eat ?
ENTY:other What does a phobophobe fear ?
ENTY:animal What is the name given to a group of geese ?
HUM:ind Name 11 famous martyrs .
HUM:desc Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
LOC:state What are all the southern states of the United States ?
LOC:other Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
ENTY:cremat What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
DESC:reason For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
NUM:ord What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
ENTY:body What is the weakest bone in the body ?
DESC:desc What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
LOC:other Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
NUM:count How many people live in Tokyo ?
LOC:other In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
ENTY:animal What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
HUM:gr What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
LOC:other What 's the most common street name in America ?
DESC:def What is the Immaculate Conception ?
NUM:count How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
HUM:ind Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
ENTY:sport In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
LOC:other Where is Romania located ?
ENTY:cremat What film was Jude Law in ?
LOC:other What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
HUM:ind Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
DESC:def What is leukemia ?
NUM:count How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
NUM:count How many people have been Captain America ?
DESC:def What is swap math ?
HUM:ind Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
LOC:city What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
HUM:ind What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
DESC:reason What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
ENTY:cremat What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
ENTY:substance What are super balls made of ?
HUM:desc Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
HUM:ind What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
ENTY:substance What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
ENTY:sport What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?
ENTY:food What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
DESC:def What is Tetrinet ?
HUM:ind Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
ABBR:exp What is LMDS ?
DESC:manner How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
NUM:count What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
HUM:gr Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
LOC:city What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
ENTY:other What keeps clouds in the air ?
ENTY:product Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
LOC:other Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
DESC:manner How do I start a web based business ?
NUM:count How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
ENTY:other What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
NUM:count How many eyes does a bat have ?
HUM:gr Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
ENTY:product What is the best selling computer model ever ?
ENTY:animal What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
DESC:desc What are the side effects of mevacor ?
ENTY:termeq What is Latin for incompetent ?
HUM:ind Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
LOC:state What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
ENTY:lang Name a Sioux language .
ENTY:symbol What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
ENTY:substance What 's the world 's most common compound ?
HUM:ind Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
HUM:ind Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
DESC:def What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
LOC:other Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
HUM:ind Who was the first woman in space ?
ENTY:termeq What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
DESC:reason Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
LOC:other What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
ENTY:sport What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
HUM:ind Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
NUM:count How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
HUM:ind Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
ABBR:exp What does BTU mean ?
ABBR:exp What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
HUM:ind Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
DESC:def What is hypertext ?
NUM:volsize How big is a baby bald eagle ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of drinking ?
ENTY:event What concerts are held in New York this week ?
DESC:manner How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
ENTY:body Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
ENTY:cremat What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
LOC:other Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
DESC:desc Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
HUM:ind Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
NUM:count How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
ENTY:animal Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
LOC:other What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
NUM:count How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
ENTY:animal What are the snakes of New England ?
HUM:gr Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
LOC:other Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
ENTY:other What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
LOC:other What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
ENTY:cremat What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
LOC:other What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
DESC:reason Why was the zipper invented ?
NUM:volsize How big is the Electoral College ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word , magic ?
DESC:def What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
ENTY:other What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
LOC:other Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
NUM:period How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
ENTY:termeq What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
HUM:gr Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
NUM:date When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
HUM:gr Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
ENTY:product Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
LOC:other Where is Kings Canyon ?
HUM:desc Who was Buffalo Bill ?
LOC:city What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
LOC:country What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
DESC:def What is the definition of a cascade ?
NUM:code What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
DESC:def What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
NUM:temp What is the temperature for cooking ?
NUM:period How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
HUM:ind What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
ENTY:termeq What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
LOC:other What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
DESC:reason What causes asthma ?
LOC:country What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
DESC:manner How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
ENTY:product What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
DESC:def What does idle mean ?
DESC:desc Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
LOC:other Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
LOC:city What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
ABBR:exp What does NASDAQ stand for ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
ENTY:sport What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
HUM:ind What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of clouds ?
ENTY:veh What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
DESC:def What is fellatio ?
HUM:ind Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
HUM:ind Who invented silly putty ?
LOC:other What are some mythology websites ?
HUM:ind Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
NUM:other What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
HUM:ind What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the atom ?
ENTY:product What is the fastest computer ?
ENTY:animal What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
ENTY:cremat What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
HUM:gr What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
DESC:desc What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
LOC:other Where is Logan Airport ?
ENTY:animal What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
LOC:other Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
ABBR:abb What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
NUM:money What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
NUM:count How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
LOC:other Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
DESC:def What is a philanthropist ?
LOC:other What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
LOC:other Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between a college and a university ?
LOC:city What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
LOC:country What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
LOC:city What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
NUM:dist How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
HUM:ind Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
DESC:reason What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
HUM:ind Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
LOC:other Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
HUM:ind Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
NUM:perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
HUM:ind Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
HUM:ind Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
ENTY:cremat What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
DESC:reason What causes pneumonia ?
LOC:country What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
ENTY:cremat What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
ENTY:body What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
HUM:ind What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
DESC:def What is a Devo hat ?
NUM:weight What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
HUM:ind What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
NUM:count How many years old is Benny Carter ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
HUM:ind Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
ENTY:other What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
ENTY:cremat What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
DESC:def What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
NUM:count How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
LOC:country Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
LOC:other Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
NUM:dist How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
HUM:ind What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
NUM:other What 's the population of Mississippi ?
LOC:other What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
HUM:ind What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
HUM:ind Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
NUM:count What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
ENTY:other What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
ENTY:cremat What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
HUM:ind Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
LOC:city What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
ENTY:termeq What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
HUM:ind Who turned all he touched to gold ?
HUM:desc Who was Monet ?
ENTY:other What does a pedometer measure ?
ENTY:event In what war was the first submarine used ?
LOC:city The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
NUM:money How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
ENTY:cremat Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
NUM:count How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
LOC:other Where was chop suey invented ?
LOC:city Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
NUM:count How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
LOC:country Which country did Hitler rule ?
ENTY:food What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
NUM:count How many states have a lottery ?
HUM:gr What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
HUM:ind Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
HUM:ind What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
NUM:date In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
ENTY:event What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
HUM:ind Who invented volleyball ?
NUM:dist What is the world record for the longest hair ?
LOC:state What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
DESC:manner How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
HUM:ind Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
DESC:def What is recruitment interview technique ?
NUM:count How many Marx Brothers were there ?
NUM:period How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
HUM:ind Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
DESC:def What is sound ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
HUM:ind Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
HUM:ind What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
HUM:ind What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
NUM:count How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
HUM:ind Who followed Caesar ?
DESC:def What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
ENTY:food What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
HUM:gr What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
HUM:gr What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
HUM:ind Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
DESC:reason Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
LOC:mount What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
ENTY:body What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
HUM:ind Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
ENTY:cremat What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
DESC:manner How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
HUM:ind What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
NUM:code What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
ENTY:termeq What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
NUM:count How many people visit the Pope each month ?
ENTY:product What is the most expensive car in the world ?
DESC:reason Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
NUM:temp How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
HUM:ind What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
DESC:manner How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
DESC:reason Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
ENTY:cremat What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
DESC:def What is a urologist ?
ENTY:other What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
NUM:count How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
DESC:manner How does it make its colors ?
DESC:manner How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
DESC:reason What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
HUM:ind Who shoplifts ?
LOC:country What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
ENTY:veh What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
HUM:gr What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
HUM:ind Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
HUM:ind What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
NUM:period How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
NUM:count How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
ENTY:cremat What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
LOC:other In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
ENTY:techmeth What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
HUM:ind Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
ENTY:event What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
ENTY:cremat What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
HUM:gr What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
HUM:ind What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
LOC:city What city does Orly Airport serve ?
NUM:count How many people in Tucson ?
NUM:count How many muscles does an oyster have ?
HUM:ind Who invented television ?
DESC:desc What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
ENTY:other What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
HUM:ind Who invented the fax machine ?
ENTY:food What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
LOC:city What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
DESC:def What is a drought ?
NUM:period How old is Benny Carter ?
NUM:date When did beethoven die ?
NUM:count How many continents are there ?
ENTY:sport What international sport was originally called hurley ?
HUM:ind What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
NUM:count What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
ABBR:exp What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
DESC:def What does verdandi mean ?
ENTY:other Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
LOC:other Where is Amsterdam ?
LOC:other Where is Los Vegas ?
HUM:gr Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
LOC:country What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
ABBR:exp What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
HUM:ind Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
DESC:def What are field effect transistors ?
DESC:desc What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
HUM:gr Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
HUM:ind Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
DESC:reason What causes blue balls ?
HUM:ind What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
LOC:other Where is the Taj Mahal ?
HUM:gr What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of punishment ?
DESC:reason Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
ENTY:other To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
HUM:ind Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
DESC:def What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
ENTY:termeq What does caliente translate to in English ?
ABBR:abb What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
ENTY:other What killed Bob Marley ?
LOC:state In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
HUM:gr What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
LOC:other Where is Belize located ?
NUM:date When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
HUM:ind What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
NUM:money What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
ENTY:other What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
LOC:state What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
NUM:date What day of the week was July 13 ?
DESC:def What is splatterpunk ?
NUM:count How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
ENTY:cremat What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
LOC:other Where are the Union Stockyards ?
LOC:state What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
LOC:other What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
ENTY:event What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
NUM:period What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
ENTY:animal What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
HUM:ind What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
DESC:manner How did the tradition of best man start ?
ABBR:exp What is DTMF ?
HUM:ind Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
ENTY:color What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
NUM:count How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
HUM:ind What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
DESC:desc Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
DESC:def What is a heuristic ?
DESC:desc What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
NUM:date When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
LOC:other What is the website for the USA journal ?
HUM:title What does Larry King do for a living ?
ENTY:cremat What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
HUM:ind President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
NUM:money By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
HUM:ind Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
HUM:ind What 's the most common surname in America ?
ENTY:substance What 's the second-lightest element ?
ENTY:cremat What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
HUM:ind What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
ENTY:cremat What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
ENTY:sport What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
DESC:reason Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
HUM:desc Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
DESC:reason What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
LOC:other Name a civil war battlefield .
HUM:ind Who first broke the sound barrier ?
ENTY:product What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
LOC:country What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
HUM:ind Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
ENTY:dismed What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
LOC:other What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
NUM:date When was the USSR dissolved ?
DESC:def What are Maid-Rites ?
NUM:count What is the pig population of the world ?
ABBR:exp What does VCR stand for ?
NUM:money What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
DESC:desc What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
LOC:country What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
HUM:ind Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
ENTY:other What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
ENTY:cremat What are the first ten amendements passed ?
DESC:manner How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
LOC:other Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
HUM:gr What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
DESC:manner How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
NUM:date When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
DESC:def What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
DESC:manner How can I get someone 's email address ?
DESC:manner How do they produce vitamins ?
NUM:count How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
DESC:def What is typhoid fever ?
ABBR:exp What does S.O.S. stand for ?
ENTY:religion What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
LOC:country What nation boarders Mozambique ?
HUM:ind Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
DESC:manner How do you stop junk snail mail ?
DESC:manner How do you ask questions ?
DESC:def What is saltpeter ?
ENTY:cremat What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
DESC:desc What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
HUM:gr Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
ENTY:food What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
DESC:manner How is saline used in medicine ?
NUM:date When was Microsoft established ?
ENTY:color In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
ENTY:substance What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
HUM:ind What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
LOC:city Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
HUM:ind What two baseball players make up the battery ?
NUM:period How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
LOC:other Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
NUM:date What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
HUM:ind Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
NUM:money What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
ENTY:cremat What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
ENTY:sport What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
HUM:ind Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
HUM:gr What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
HUM:ind What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
LOC:other Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
NUM:count How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
DESC:def What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
DESC:manner How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
NUM:count How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
HUM:ind What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
LOC:other Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
ENTY:other What generation am I in ?
HUM:ind Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
LOC:country What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
NUM:perc What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
NUM:period How old is Britney Spears ?
NUM:date What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
ENTY:other Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
ENTY:letter What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
NUM:date When will the millennium officially begin ?
ENTY:animal What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
HUM:ind What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
LOC:country What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
DESC:manner How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
DESC:def What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
ENTY:color What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
NUM:count How many Americans have HIV ?
NUM:count How many acres in a mile ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of points ?
DESC:manner How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
ENTY:animal What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
NUM:date What year was the ATM first introduced ?
DESC:reason Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
DESC:reason Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
LOC:city What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
LOC:other What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
HUM:ind Who wrote Brave New World ?
DESC:desc What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
NUM:period How long does a fly live ?
DESC:manner In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
HUM:ind What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
NUM:date When was Babe Ruth born ?
DESC:reason Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
ABBR:exp What is RCD ?
DESC:manner How does lightning travel ?
ENTY:product What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
ABBR:exp CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
NUM:period How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
LOC:other What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
NUM:date What time of year do most people fly ?
LOC:country What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
NUM:money What debts did Qintex group leave ?
NUM:count How many people are there in the world ?
NUM:speed How fast do cheetahs run ?
DESC:manner How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
ENTY:sport What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
NUM:date What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
DESC:def What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
DESC:desc What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
NUM:count How many watts make a kilowatt ?
LOC:city What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
HUM:ind What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
ENTY:lang What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
HUM:ind What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
ENTY:termeq What 's another name for aspartame ?
HUM:ind Who does data collection in tourism ?
HUM:ind Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
ENTY:techmeth What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
LOC:other What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
DESC:manner How do you reference a website ?
ENTY:sport What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
ENTY:event What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
NUM:count How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
HUM:ind Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
ENTY:sport What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
ENTY:food What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
NUM:count How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
LOC:country What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
LOC:state What province is Edmonton located in ?
NUM:count How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
ENTY:termeq What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
DESC:manner How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
HUM:ind Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
LOC:city What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
ENTY:cremat What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
NUM:count How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
ENTY:event What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
LOC:other Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
HUM:title What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
ENTY:other What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?
DESC:def What is the C programming language ?
LOC:city What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
LOC:country What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
LOC:city What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
HUM:ind Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
DESC:reason Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
ENTY:other What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
ENTY:termeq What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
DESC:manner How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
LOC:other Where can I get mailing lists ?
HUM:ind Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
ENTY:other Which is the best opening move in chess ?
HUM:ind What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
DESC:desc What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
HUM:ind What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
DESC:def What is a caldera ?
DESC:manner How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
ENTY:termeq How do you say 2 in Latin ?
HUM:ind What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
HUM:ind Who invented basketball ?
ENTY:dismed What is a fear of fish ?
HUM:ind What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
HUM:ind Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
HUM:ind What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
NUM:count How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
DESC:reason What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
ENTY:color What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
HUM:ind Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
ENTY:animal What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
NUM:count How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
DESC:def What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
NUM:count How many yards are in 1 mile ?
ENTY:techmeth What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
LOC:other Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
DESC:desc What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
HUM:gr Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
HUM:ind Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
LOC:other What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
DESC:manner How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
DESC:desc What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
NUM:count How many people live in the Falklands ?
DESC:def What is power steering ?
NUM:date When was Calypso music invented ?
HUM:desc Who was Confucius ?
ENTY:food Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
HUM:gr What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
ABBR:exp What does IBM stand for ?
DESC:desc What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
LOC:other What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
LOC:other Where are there aborigines ?
DESC:reason What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
NUM:date When was the NFL established ?
DESC:manner How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
HUM:ind Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
HUM:ind Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
HUM:ind Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
ENTY:sport What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
LOC:country What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
DESC:def What is amezaiku ?
LOC:other Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
HUM:title What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
LOC:other What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
NUM:period How long does a dog sleep ?
LOC:other What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
LOC:other What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
DESC:def What does the name Shawn mean ?
NUM:period How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
NUM:count How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
NUM:count How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
ENTY:cremat What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
HUM:ind What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
DESC:def What is `` bloodhound '' ?
